"think rationally" is both narrow and perhaps circular.	Too narrow, and anticipation of consequences is problematic to define precisely and judge.	I don't know if the set of things is the right set, but the idea that it's whatever you have is appealing.	Having it be behavior is fine.  Adaptivity -- too narrow.					
								
	Too specific	circular definition ("intellectual in nature")			Too specific	I think this definition captures the "vagueness" of the term "intelligence" pretty well, by not trying to define it too concisely.		Again the "optimality" part, which was critiqued at length decades ago by the "bounded rationality" ideas.
This might be perfect. 	It's a bit narrow in scope, but still valid.	This goes well with my idea of intelligence as the application of knowledge. 	Describing it as a quality of behavior is nice, but maybe better as a set of behaviors. 	This precludes the existence of bias. 	No, that's the subconscious level. 	These are intelligent activities, but don't make for a general definition. 	Clearly. 	Beliefs and goal fulfillment? No. 
								
		I'm not sure whether knowledge should be considered part of intelligence, even though intelligence relies on knowledge.	Too broad; this makes plants intelligent.					
								
					This is strategic intelligence 			
Again, I do not like relating to the environment.								
	may involve anticipation but not definitive	confusing			too vague		unjustified focus on "on the spot"	
								
Rational thought is only one aspect. Ignores the role of emotion in intelligence. 	That's what Deep Blue did and I don't think that it was intelligent. 		Needs to include some form of active adaptation rather than reaction. For example, intelligent agent would be able to modify the environment rather than just coping with it. 					
								
Irrational people can still intelligent.  High IQ people can be irrational, have poor social skills, etc.  Different types of intelligence are not comparable. Thus we cannot consider an individual's behavior as a whole.  Also irrational thinking can be an 'intelligent strategy' for people like artists, creative researchers, paradigm explorers.  Sometimes rationality is a hindrance to creative thinking.	Many instances of intelligence have occurred with complete disregard for consequences..  Many breakthroughs for example had nothing to do with reasoning about consequences.	We cannot group different intelligence capabilities into one 'intelligence score' as they are not comparable.	An intelligence approach may or may not be adaptive. 	Very intelligence people have lacked self-governing.  We should differentiate between intelligence and 'wisdom'.  I am intelligent as in I can score high on an IQ test or program at a high level but have problems with self-government and often act in irrational ways.	Intelligence doesn't just involve 'recognition of relationships' but 'generation of relationships'.  Some of these may even be bullshit until pruned out.			
Rationalist and positivist.	Kantian & Behaviorist.	General Problem Solver again?	Darwinist.	Schopenhauer maybe?	Machiavelli (perhaps). This is not even systemic.	Not so bad.	Don't trust any definition with "clearly" or "obviously" in it. Also: "figured out"? 	Rationalism and utilitarian.
								
	It's not necessarily about anticipating consequences. They may be unpredictable even with smart decisions.	Not only the repertoire of acquired skills, but also the ability to build new approaches to deal with new scenarios.		Biological organisms are not governed only by mechanical logic. There is something more than that. This is the essence of intelligence.				
								
This definition is more about "how" then "what" (requiring it be composed of differentiable components).  It also has the problem that the definition depends on other hard words to define such as "rationally" and "effectively".	Anticipation is certainly a necessary component... but doesn't feel sufficient.  Doesn't leave a role (as is common among many of these definitions) for learning, where a thing is learning to anticipate consequences, but doesn't start with that ability.  Suggesting it becomes intelligent as it learns doesn't feel right.	Depends on the definition of "intellectual" and "knowledge".  And I don't even know what a "learning set" is.  I don't know why "available at any one period of time" is important.	If the environment is not changing, can no intelligent behavior exist?  It seems like an agent in an unknown environment is a classic platform demonstrating intelligent behavior, where the agent's knowledge is changing not the environment itself.	I have no idea what this means.  	The target of "solving problems" seems too narrow.  What does "see relationships" mean?  And between what?  	One of my favorite definitions.  Not sure why.  It suffers from depending on the definitions of other words, but not so directly.  But gives a broad view of how intelligence exhibits itself.	For a shorter, pithy definition I like this.  But it should never have "clearly" in the definition! Yikes!	I think a reworked version of this could be an excellent candidate definition.  It should drop the reference to "optimal" at the end.  But proper behavior and proper belief formation seem to be critical features (and arguably sufficient).
								
Intelligence refers to an individual's ability to reason effectively, to grasp and manipulate complex thoughts, to abstract effectively. It does not refer to that person's ability to solve real world problems, though it tends to correlate. A person that has managed to perform a large array of tasks successfully is not necessarily of high relative intelligence, though being of high intelligence, other things equal, would be beneficial in accomplishing this. 	An intelligent individual can be deranged and completely unaware of her/his actions. 	No, that's like saying strength is the ability to manipulate heavy crates effectively. It is more and less than that.	Better, but vague. 	This is closer than other definitions in that the example is more relevant. It is still a definition by example though. 	Close, but seeing relationships is only part of it. 	I only disagree with "comprehending our surroundings" since it involves awareness which is  not part of intelligence per say. 	Sort of. Many things fall under this definition but are not about being intelligent. See previous answers.	Intelligence and rationality are not one and the same. The latter implies optimality. Intelligence is a capability, not a result.
Too restrictive. It doesn't cover all the human behavior.	This excludes creativity.	It would imply that Van Gogh, for example, was a fool			To see and to reconsider relationships		Creativity still missing	
								
					Too specific re: means ("see relationships)			
								
								
How is this specific to humans? 	Too narrow	This definition does not include computational processes. Can't be intelligent without computation.	What quality?	Too narrow. Intelligence goes beyond knowledge organization.	Too narrow. Intelligence goes beyond search and problem solving.	It has the key ideas, but this is not a definition.	Too vague.	Humans don't meet this criteria. Not even if you include bounded rationality.
								
Although I agree, this definition is too vague and all-encompassing.	Anticipation is one of the keys. It is a necessary condition, but not a sufficient condition.	Agree, but this is just as useless a definition as "bag of skills" since what skills mean is rather unclear.	This is how evolution shaped intelligence.	Who's governing? 	What do you mean by "see" in "see relationships"? 	It's better than the counterexample provided but it still ignores grounding.	Again "figure things out" can be anything. 	Optimization tends to make the behavior rigid. Human behavior is never so rigid.
								
								
								
		vague	non-specific	to broad/non-specific	I like it: Potentially wrong, but clear, specific, and mechanism-based	no a bad list for identifying the behavior, but quotes betray lack of mechanism	repeats what questionnaires request, so necessarily superficial	 too wide ranging
The definition is not rich and complex enough	This definition is thin and weak.	This definition contain the word it is defining.	This definition focuses on only one feature--adaptive. It is not a rich and convincing definition.	This is only part of the definition.. We can point to humans who do not self-govern very well, say idiot-savants. They may have many oath features of intelligence, yet not manage to be organized, coherent and responsive.	This is a single focus of intelligence does not include the nuanced features.	This is a strong definition. It is complex and multi-faceted as is intelligence.	Strong, yet the definition if not multi-faceted 	Strong, yet not rich or complex enough
								
What does rational thinking mean? This is ill-defined, and no longer a useful term. See comments on previous page.	Women are individuals too -- please fix the gendered language.	There is more to intelligence than problem solving skills. Creativity, kinesthetic, music. See Howard Gardner's work on multiple intelligences.	This is better. However, there are very intelligent people who are unable to meet the demands of a changing environment. For example, imagine a person with ALS. Their mind is 100%, but their body is not responsive to signals from the brain. 		This is probably the best definition so far. Intelligence definitely involves synthesis of information to solve problems.	Much better!	This is better, however, this ignores the definitions of explicit  and tacit memory. People with amnesia can figure out how to untangle a knot on-the-spot, but may not be able to explicitly describe those steps. However, by this definition they are not intelligent during the entire time they have amnesia. The above example is a good litmus test for your research, I think.	Intelligent beings are not always goal driven. Sometimes they do things just to do them, without any particular goal in mind.
	Doesn't cover all of what intelligence is.	Individualized definition.		Decent, includes self-reflection and meta-cognition.	Covers social intelligence.	Good.		
								
								
I think that "intelligence" is a (potential) property of humans but I am not sure at all we agree on its meaning. To me "standard humans" are not intelligent.	I agree that this is solely one manifestation of "acting in an intelligent way"	Too long to write here. Again if interested contact me. Thank you.	See above.	I do not "strongly agree" because, as long as it is not specified "how the environment changes" ( how Darwinian are the "needs") I have not all the ingredients.	Luckily this is just the "Italian intelligence" (I am Italian, I can take the joke :)	"quickly" is not defined properly -and it is not at all a minor problem because behaving properly is also a problem of matching evolving timescales.	I would not agree with a guys who writes "clearly" in such a statement.	This is just the illusion of being intelligent (that is what the bulk of humans just share).
I have trouble parsing this. I did not read the source. 		I like this. I particularly like the emphasis on generalization. 	I do RL and this certainly fits with my goals. 	We are so far away from this it is impossible to think of this as testable but I do really like this definition. 	This fits with many definitions of intelligence I've seen in other fields such as Einstein's supposed marveling over our ability to select germane information from a veritable sea of information and to then act on it. 	Don't agree that grasping complex concepts is required. 	Yes, it is. This also feels testable. 	Also really like this. More abstract but it feels spot-on. 
								
Intelligent choices can be beyond the rational. Also intelligence rarely uses global capacity of an individual.	Not really intelligence. 	Intelligence is more to do with the way of processing rather than the information to hand or knowledge base.	Again, not a factor in intelligence. 		A facet, yes.	Best definition so far.	Intelligence is not time sensitive.	No, this is logic. Intelligence recognizes that the  "fulfillment goal" maybe shifting, and that fulfillment goal of the individual may not be paramount.
I dismiss the very definition of "intelligence"  (see the answer to question 10 about machine intelligence)	see above	see above	see above	see above	see above	see above	see above	see above
								
				Self-restraint or self-government are very important notions.	"Relationships" is too vague. Must be: surprising or unexpected or new relations.			
Good attempt at what we might all 'rational' intelligence, but there are many kinds, e.g., emotional, social, physical, which this won't encompass. 	Too narrowly focused on planning and action. 	Too focused on intellectual skills, etc. Similar problems to #1.	A property of intelligence, not a definition. 	Much like #1 and #3	Hopelessly too narrow. 	Fairly comprehensive list. 	Too narrow. Not all reasoning is so case based.	Too narrowly focused on rationality and action. 
								
								
too convoluted	There are too many possibilities to bother anticipating them. Also intelligence can be active not just reactive.	C++ may have many libraries, but is not in and of itself intelligent.  Libraries are only useful if there is an intelligent agent using them. 		having a process scheduler is not sufficient for intelligence. 	rather ambiguous though, regarding what is a relationship.	too convoluted		too convoluted and optimal is unnecessary, only good enough is needed. 
I								
Intelligence is no more "purposeful" than evolution. The purposiveness lies in the eye of the beholder and is an emergent effect. 	Very few things, if any, done by intelligent systems actually follow this paradigm. 	Acquired skills are an important part but so are the innate ones shaped by evolution and development. 		There is no homunculus!	Too limited. Too algorithmic. 	This is an observer's definition of intelligence, not a deep description of intelligence. 		
								
							Memory based reasoning is important. 	
too imprecise as a definition	it is true, but covers only part of intelligence							After this definition, no human on earth would count as intelligent
				because self-governance would recognize by definition the self/identity  (e.g., I think therefore I am.)		Binary responsive phrases don’t seem adequate as summations of the description here.		
Gets the parts-whole aspect into the open. 	Short and sweet, but leaves out a lot of selection of actions and goals. The amygdala-damaged patients in Damasio's "Descartes' Error" are intelligent by this definition, yet fail at acting intelligently. 	Wordy and too general, dependent on what is considered intellectual. 	Near Shane Legg's definition. Leaves out the self-driven aspect of human action: we do not just respond to demands but make demands. 	Gets the important internal governance aspect right. 	Merely a part of intelligence. 		Does not explain what figuring things out is. 	
								
					Solving problems requires natural intelligence. So, this is a circular definition.	Reasoning, comprehension and solving problems require natural intelligence. So, this is a circular definition.		
This definition relies on other definitions that do not have clarity.	This seems too narrow.	This gives more of an approach than a definition.	This definition seems to come from a particular set of goals.  It ignore inner state.	This appear to assume a right and wrong that might only be appropriate for some situations.	This definition is far too limited in scope.	This definition may be partially applicable to adults only.	The speed of answering and memory do not cover the range of intelligence.	This seems to only approach abstract thinking.
	Once you anticipate, you have to evaluate and decide. Incomplete.			This is kind of in the right direction but completely vague.		Too vague again. Definition by example, not good.		
		I'm not sure it is just about acquired things.	The focus is too restrictive			Maybe it relies too much on an enumeration		
goal creation is implicitly linked to the environment - I am not sure if this linkage is needed.	partial answer but a good stab.  Brings in many other aspects by going down the modelling route	a bit of a grab bag of capabilities	environmental adaption rules again. IMHO this limits things	Partial - and may not be the most important part	another partial but two good parts	Descriptive	Clearly   -  but it is more than that	misses goal creation
				I would give this a 3.5. Self-governance is not an act of intelligence, but a combinational outcome of individual competency.		Again, I would score this 3.5. Yes, intelligence is all that, but human intelligence has potential for advanced tacit knowledge beyond traceable logic.	Again, in context of humans, Id score hits a 3.5 only. 	Scoring 3.5
	"anticipating" is a can of worms here.  Does that mean consciously? Intuition? 	Don't see the need to consider intellectual as = problem solving 	Doesn't tell much about the "intelligence" in the behavior.	Mostly agree, but seems to imply that intelligence stands apart somehow. 	That may come from intelligence but isn't what intelligence is. 	Wouldn't call it a "mental capability."  It's a property of a system. 	Recognizing signs of intelligence isn't defining what intelligence is. 	Optimization is a good component of intelligence because it betters outcomes. 
								
								
								
the definition misses the variable 'time', the concept of coevolution, the fact that human intelligence is also related to 'populations' of individuals, and the definition of 'rational' and 'effective'...	the individual can wrongly assess the possible consequences of his actions, or simply do not care about them...and the definition misses the 'here and now' consequences of the individual actions as a weight in his 'intelligent' decisions...	missing the 'nature' side of the 'nurture' described above (genetics contributes as well), and the coevolutionary nature of such traits in the context of their dynamic environment (e.g. coevolutionary outcomes)...	more than adaptive is coevolutive...and again, the definition does not define 'effective'...					¿What about 'bounded rationality'? While I agree with optimization, the above lacks a definition of 'optimal'...which I suggest should be multi-objective, dynamic, nonlinear and semi-structured...
Focuses too much on rationality.  Misses other aspects of intelligence (social, emotional) that aren't captured by "rationality".	way too simplistic.	Too narrow.  Not simply "intellectual".	Too narrow -- intelligence does not equal adaptability.	Too narrow.	Too narrow.	Closer, but doesn't adequately capture social and emotional intelligences, and the role of language/communication.	Too narrow.	Not simply rationality and optimal action.
I am more interested in the domain capacity of human intelligence for the sake of management and intervention.	the ability to generalize experience, create solutions for new problems and plan for action are important variables of intelligence.	in the end, measurement of intelligence account for the data of a specific time point though intelligence might not undergo significant change across the developmental life span (even though knowledge might pile up).	I support a stage-wised developmental framework of intelligence.	An important part of intelligence is an ability to plan and organize for actions.	An ability to draw relationship between letters, words or sentences in the most important constituent part of learning.	I would differentiate between knowledge gained in school and experience gained  in life events.	yes, retention is an important part for new learning.	One's goals and beliefs are largely a result of what they experienced or learnt. It guides the process of decision making.
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								We are not always goal seeking. Some will argue the point.
								
Useless definition, because not constructive	Useless definition, because not constructive	Useless definition, because not constructive	Useless definition, because not constructive	Useless definition, because not constructive	Useless definition, because not constructive	Useless definition, because not constructive	Useless definition, because not constructive	Optimization is (or can be...) a constructive approach to making intelligent systems
		not very useful	says nothing		pattern recognition is an important part of intelligence though I fear it is only one aspect.		reasoning + experience	seems to assume a goal is known
								
			this is not evolution theory of Darwin 	same as above				
				It seems to me this is a definition of reasoning, but there is more to intelligence than reasoning				
This definition doesn't define much things; the burden now lies on the definition of "to act purposefully, to think rationally and to deal effectively with his environment". Yet I agree with the fact that intelligence is probably compositional.	I think this definition is very good and this predictive ability is probably a big piece of the puzzle. Yet other ones could be added, like the ability to acquire (learn) the knowledge necessary to do such predictions.	Not wrong, but very vague.	Adaptation is important but it most probably does not equal intelligence.	This is a very high-level/symbolic definition which doesn't tell anything about its grounding in reality.		The definition relies on many other concepts that would now need to be defined.	Vague.	Intelligence as we see it in animals is most probably not optimal.
								
		The ability to improve these traits should also be included.						
								
		Excludes without appeal intelligence in "physical" activities, which are not purely problem solving skills, and still can involve "intelligent behavior or strategies" 			"the ability to see relationship" suffers from a homunculus problem: no portion of the brain "sees" anything, although the brain certainly can operate on relationships.			
	not comprehensive	emotions are missing	only focusses on adaptivity		not global enough, too limited		too vague	rather optimization
								
								
								
								
I like the multi-intelligence aspect here, but no mention of learning or adaptation.	Too behaviorist.	I like the breadth and situational aspect of this definition.	Again, a bit too behaviorist. 	Add learning to this.	Only one aspect of intelligence. 	Hard to operationalize, but relatively complete.	Incomplete. "Figure things out" is too vague.	This definition assumes that optimality is objective.
it covers a lot of bases, but is not really easily operationalizable.		What is considered a skill changes. Memorizing numbers (telephone?) might once have been considered the height of intelligence.					the second function would rather be 'memory'; intelligence would make use of the data in memory [as external data], but it'd be distinct from it.	
								
It includes an element of self-direction.	Thermostats again.	That's the definition of 'crystalized' intelligence.	Thermostat.	Any definition of intelligence requires some notion of internal state.	Lacks an element of self-direction.	A vague, messy concept seems to be best served by large and messy definitions. :)	Lacks an element of self-direction,	Rationality and intelligence are not the same thing.
								
								
								
								
								
		Why acquired?			Way too narrow.	This is "general intelligence". It obscures the issues to focus only on general intelligence. 	This would suggest that learning is unintelligent.	
		Appropriately vague (+) but of little use (-)	 Appropriately vague (+) but of little use (-)	Appropriately vague (+) but of little use (-)	Appropriately vague (+) but of little use (-)	Appropriately vague (+) but of little use (-)	Not vague enough	Appropriately vague (+) but of little use (-)
								
Action is a result, not a defining goal		This assumes learning is discrete and logical. It isn't	Why oh why define intelligence in terms of observed behavior?	Close agreement except that no living thing optimizes for coherency		These options are depressing. They are all from engineers. Where are the scientists?		got rationality right. Little to do with intelligence
	I think intelligence includes this, but doesn't constrict to just this definition.	Too focused on stored knowledge over the ability to learn and react		I don't know that self-governance is a critical restriction here	While I suspect this will be important for replication of human level intelligence, I think this is pre-constraining the "how it's done" to current, and perhaps incorrect, expectations of how humans think.		Too simplistic in that it lacks some of the other attributes I think are important - adaption to environment, reason about achievement of goals, etc.	
								
								
This is good as far as it goes, but it is not specific in identifying characteristics of human-level intelligence such as imagination, natural language understanding, consciousness, etc.	This is one aspect of intelligence, but it does not identify characteristics of human-level intelligence such as imagination, natural language understanding, consciousness, etc.	This is good as far as it goes, but it is not specific in identifying characteristics of human-level intelligence such as imagination, natural language understanding, consciousness, etc. Its wording also appears limited to problem solving skills. Human-level intelligence is able to improve over time, and may not be limited to what is available at any one period of time.	This is good as far as it goes, but it is not specific in identifying characteristics of human-level intelligence such as imagination, natural language understanding, consciousness, etc. This definition does not seem to emphasize the ability of human-level intelligence to change its environment, rather than simply adapt to a changing environment.	This is good as far as it goes, but it is not specific in identifying characteristics of human-level intelligence such as imagination, natural language understanding, consciousness, etc. This definition does not seem to emphasize the ability of human-level intelligence to change its environment, rather than simply respond to the needs of the environment.	This is good as far as it goes, but it is not specific in identifying characteristics of human-level intelligence such as imagination, natural language understanding, consciousness, etc. 	This is good as far as it goes, but it is not specific in identifying characteristics of human-level intelligence such as imagination, natural language understanding, consciousness, etc. 	This is good as far as it goes, but it is not specific in identifying characteristics of human-level intelligence such as imagination, natural language understanding, consciousness, etc. 	This is good as far as it goes, but it is not specific in identifying characteristics of human-level intelligence such as imagination, natural language understanding, consciousness, etc. 
								
	too limited		very limited	sort of circular definition: intelligence is intelligent behavior	too limited	pretty much complete	not false, but too limited	
								
Focuses on a single twist which is the aggregation of differentiable parts.	Focuses on reasoning and planning.	Focuses on thought and intellect only.	Vague and focuses on adaptation.	Describes wisdom more than intelligence.	Focuses on some aspects of reasoning.	More comprehensive but focuses on how to define different levels of intelligence than intelligence itself at the basic level.	Focuses on intuition and memory.	Focuses only on reasoning and problem solving.
		Circular	Vague	Too primitive  any nervous system would qualify	What is a relationship?	Circular	Vague	What is a belief?
	It would be intelligent to construct an internal representation of one’s environment, and simulate possible futures, without the need to orient this towards a specific individual's actions.							
								
Excellent: it defines intelligence behaviorally, recognizes the diverse aspects of what might be called intelligent behavior, and doesn't in any way suggest that it's a quantity or can be measured.	Far too narrow.	Not as good as definition #1, because it characterizes the "repertoire" as "problem solving skills." As I noted earlier, problem-solving implies a goal, and I don't believe that all intellectual activity has goals as generally understood.	Too vague and weak.	Wow. This person obviously knows very little about human intelligence if s/he thinks of us as being able to be organized, coherent, and responsive. That's not even optimal, as far as I'm concerned: the rational choice isn't always the correct choice.	Far too vague.	I like it when definitions of complex phenomena include the words "among other things": It's almost never the case that we can enumerate all of the components of any phenomenon, and IMO acknowledgement of ignorance is a valuable sign of intelligence. :-) It also defines intelligence in behavioral terms, without suggesting that it is in any way a quantity that is measurable and comparable.	Too simplistic.	Another answer including the verboten terms "rational" and "optimal." This author should spend a little time studying human behavior.
								
Too vague. We need metrics (for machine intelligence).	Vague but interesting because it is dense.		OK, but not enough.					
A full definition should also include limits and resources.	This assumes unreal levels of knowledge and foresight.		Yes! This accounts for provisionality and dynamism.		This is not explicit.			This definition is too self-focused.
								An organism with no goals could be intelligent. A masochistic organism that does the contrary of optimal behavior could also be intelligent. 
Sorry, my answers in this section will have to be more limited since I spent too much time on the machine learning section. But the same ideas apply here. In fact, most of these human intelligence definitions simply take "machine intelligence" and slap them onto humans. Hence the confusion. This is why most of these definitions are wrong and limited...	A necessary, but not sufficient, criterion for natural or human intelligence and hence invalid.	Same as above. The explicit mention of "problem solving skills" is a dead giveaway. Problem solving is just one limited aspect of intelligence, and one that is more applicable to machine intelligence.	"Adaptive" is good, but not very helpful in practical terms. You see the general tradeoff between truth of a definition and how useful it is.	Metacognition is but one aspect of one small portion of intelligence (rationality). It is a far cry as a general measure of human intelligence.	Somewhat applicable but not comprehensive.	This is the best definition of human intelligence so far in that it encapsulates both symbolic and pattern recognition aspects of human intelligence. Yet it also exhibits the paradoxical tradeoff in that it is a good description of the end goal, but not a good signpost as to how to get there in any way. 	Similar to #7.	Intelligence is very often not optimal.
								
								
This was a good attempt but crashes on the rocks of human fallibility. I know lots of highly intelligent, completely irrational people. How do you define them?	So my congressman lacks intelligence? Wait. Maybe I should have agreed with this one! More seriously, this is called "mental time travel" and while it is easier for those of high intelligence it is absolutely not the single, fundamental aspect of intelligence.	Intelligence is intellectual stuff? Apparently the "problem solving skill" of forming meaningful definitions has been lost.	No, no, no, no, NO! Intelligence is of the mind. Sometimes it shows in behavior and sometimes very intelligent people behave like idiots. This is another self-flattering but utterly worthless definition.	This one was at least a little bit creative. But, intelligence can take many forms. It involves consideration, but may have terrible flaws in what and how it chooses to consider. It can be organized but does not have to be. And no, it may have nothing to do with needs. It would be nice if it did but it just doesn't always work that way.	What about seeing relationships that don't exist? Can intelligence make mistakes? Besides this crappy definition I mean.	This is probably the best definition offered up so far. Too bad it's useless.	Intelligence is figuring things out. Yes. But what is the definition of figuring things out?	If intelligence is optimal behavior, then there are NO intelligent people on Earth. I think you may have missed the mark on this one.
	Interesting conjecture.  Not sure I agree.  Suppose you could only understand, but not act.		Interesting thought.  It applies to other organisms as well.	Interesting, but I'm not sure this is necessary.	Good.  Seeing relationships is similar to my position of understanding context.  There isn't always a problem.		Reasoning and retention very important elements.	
								
								
	This ties intelligence to be only interacting with the world or an environment.	This seems to encompass the intelligence with minimal vagueness. 	This ties behavior to intelligence which is not the necessarily the same.	This seems to combine intelligence and behavior from a psychological standpoint.	This is not a complete definition, but provides a potential goal of intelligence.		The ability to repeat does not make something intelligent (think DVR or VCR).	
								
		History tells of very intelligent politicians, business people, etc. that were not intellectual.		Makes rationality a requirement of intelligence when there are very intelligent people that act by intuition.	It requires consciously noticing relationships when it may not be conscious.		Hence, the longer it takes to figure something out the lesser the intelligence.	
								
This is a reasonable model of intelligence.  The adverbs are vague. 	Predictive ability perhaps is a component of intelligence. 	There's nothing about integration of these skills.	A bit vague in its adjectives.	This one is the first one that adds self-awareness or self-reflection to the picture.	Any pattern recognition program does it. 	Sure. But is self-awareness,  collaboration part of the picture. How do we recognize actions mentioned in the verbs “catching on,” “making sense” of things, or “figuring out”	pattern recognition + memory -- seems very limiting	Too vague. 
What is "rational"?	Good, but so partial and incomplete		An omniscient agent would not have to adapt	That's not intelligence, it is self-control	Good but incomplete			Where did goal fulfillment come from?!
								
Relationships to other individuals missing	Relationships to other individuals missing	Relationships to other individuals missing	Relationships to other individuals missing	Relationships to other individuals missing	Relationships to other individuals missing	Relationships to other individuals missing	Relationships to other individuals missing	Relationships to other individuals missing
	Too restrictive							
This tends to focus on a single global capability, whereas I think there can be many different dimensions of human intelligent behavior.	While being able to plan based on possible consequences is one form of intelligent behavior, the ability to respond correctly and instantaneously is also critical to survival. We know humans can move along this spectrum from explicit planning to muscle memory as the gain practice. To focus on one at the expense of the other is misleading.	This is pretty good. However, it focuses on the content of the "knowledge" rather than on intelligent behavior. I would prefer a focus on behavior. 	I like this, although it hinges on the definition of "adaptive". If this is intended in the biological sense, then I fully agree. However, if the environment is not changing, then "adaptive" might involve reducing the resources devoted to detecting and exploiting change.	This emphasizes HOW we achieve intelligent behavior rather than WHAT constitutes intelligence.	This definition also focuses on a prerequisite capability rather than on what it means to act intelligently. 	This is a mixed bag of mental capabilities and observable behaviors. Each of these could be viewed as a different kind of intelligent capability or behavior. The good aspect of this is that it explicitly acknowledges that we are applying one name to a whole bunch of stuff. However, it still insists that there is "a very general mental capability". But is there a single unified capability underlying or enabling all of these items?	Humans are capable of both of these things, but this is not a complete account of the dimensions of intelligent behavior.	This is how an individual could judge itself to be intelligent, but the definition presumes that intelligent individuals have explicit goals and beliefs. While this is a very plausible hypothesis about HOW individuals achieve successful behavior, it is not a definition of that behavior. That is why I prefer to treat the "Intentional Stance" as an analytical perspective rather than a requirement for internal implementation.
								
	I don't feel it's necessary to explicitly predict/anticipate each action's consequence in order to intelligently choose an action. I also don't feel that selecting actions is the only outward indicator of intelligence.	Knowledge should not be considered a component of intelligence.	Intelligence can exist in an agent that does not behave, cf. The Diving Bell and the Butterfly.					
naturalistic and neutral with respect to means/method	Clearly not true for most of humanity	Self-referential	This suggests "intelligence" is a judgment of qualitative goodness. Adaptation is necessary, but not sufficient.	I'm not sure self-awareness is required for intelligence, but if it is there than intelligence is also there. Self-regulation? Thermostats do that.	The implication that intelligence requires recognition and use of semantic meaning is good. Overall, necessary but insufficient.	Blather		If true, then most people are not intelligent.
A bit pedantic, but with enough wiggle room to be adequate as a definition.	Grossly insufficient as a definition.	Incomplete and a little narrow, but not wrong.	Adaptive is not sufficiently precise and by "a changing environment", you could substitute "life", in other words, this is too vague a definition.	This would seem to be more of a perspective on intelligence and what it can provide rather than a complete definition.	Ahhh, the pattern recognition aspect emphasized.  Essential, but insufficient as a definition.	This is a bit of a catch-all definition, which as explicitly stated ("among other things") does not claim to be complete, so it’s OK as far as it goes.	Inadequate and relies too much on raw memory.	Too touchy /feely for me.
								
Too broad definition. I agree with the term "aggregate"	This is a definition of "living thing", not of 'intelligent thing'	I like this definition; however, I afraid it may cover many non-intelligent behaviors of machines and animals.	Too broad definition. Adaptive behavior is a property of the life, not of the intelligence.	Interesting definition... It seems to me closer to a definition of the consciousness than of the intelligence.	Relationships, yes! Intelligent agents see relations everywhere.	Yes, it's true. But too long definition :)	Good definition. May be combined with 6. (about relationships): Intelligence is a combination of the ability to 'figure things out on the spot' by seeing relationships among these things, and the ability to retain and adapt according to the new relationships (not just repeat!) things that have been figured out in the past.	No, no, intelligence is not necessarily optimal behavior.
Too restrictive. 								
Quite a good definition but other fields (e.g. education, social science) have other definitions.	Once again the ability is one important criterion but not definitional by itself.							
These are functional definitions that qualify this or that as being correct artificial intelligence. Actually, we ignore the bounds of human intelligence and what we are able to do on our own. (Human/Artificial) Intelligence starts with self-consciousness.	I work in Automated Planning so that I'm supposed to like this definition quite a lot, but from a general point of view, this is just one facet of artificial intelligence.	This definition is meaningless ... too ambiguous 	with what purpose? I like the beginning though: "quality of behavior"	I expect neither my own intelligence nor artificial intelligence to be particularly coherent or so-well organized as this definition suggests.	Again, this is one among many different capabilities of artificial intelligence. This is the one I work on but not the only one for sure			again, only one among many different forms of intelligence. This one, in comparison with previous ones considers uncertainty but that's the only difference and that's not enough in my view to fully characterize intelligence.
I wonder what the purpose of such a complicated definition would be...	So a bug is intelligent?	Excludes non-intellectual skills/knowledge!	Again, critters out there adapt.	So without meta-reasoning we are not possibly intelligent?	Overly narrow.	Too wishy-washy to be considered a definition.	Terribly narrow.	Simon would have like that one.
		It is the capacity to acquire and implement these things towards some goal.						
	it is more than these, human intelligences has to be defined with respect to universe memory and intelligence 	skills are very important parameters for measuring different types of intelligence	good but not enough	it cannot be limited to mental self-government, it involves every cell of our body and the worlds around us 	relationship enables us to solve only similar problems, emergency and new problems are not included	very limited definition only to the mental capability, what about the bogy and other things	we have to connect intelligence to the design too, learning and memorizing are more important than repeating 	optimality is another significant parameter
								
	This is not always the case. See humans.	incomplete						
								
Wordy, misses a lot, and I disagree with the word "effectively".  Not all situations have good outcomes and "effectively" implies achieving one.	Too narrow.	I like but this is more a description than a definition.			Extremely narrow.	I like but this too (see #3) is more a description than a definition.	This ignores the notion of improvement.	This kinda excludes intelligent theorists.  ...and I's swap "response" for the word "action".  ...but I do like "optimal behavior".
seems specific to how human intelligence is constructed	narrow.  perception? action?							
								
Intelligence, like Race is a cultural construct, not supported by objective evidence.	By that definition, a cannon that is aimed at a target rather than given an azimuth and altitude to fire at would be Intelligent. The cannon is anticipating the possible consequences of firing at a given azimuth and altitude, the desired consequence being hitting the target.	A tautology: intelligence is those things considered intellectual.	It's good in that it focuses on behavior rather than some internal quality/mechanism. On the bad side, choosing Adaptive out of all possible aspects of choice of behavior (for example Predictive) seems too narrow.	Interesting point of view. Omits the essentially social nature of human intelligence.	Uselessly broad and vague.	Again, this definition sounds a lot like attempting to define Race: a complex grab-bag of attributes used to gerrymander who or what is or isn't intelligent.	Arbitrarily chooses two abilities of many.	Ignores the society. Replaces Intelligent behavior with Rational behavior, which seem to me to be very different things.
								
				I don't believe that intelligent behavior is always organized and coherent.				1.  Behaving "rationally" may not be the most intelligent course of action in all circumstances
								
		knowledge acquisition	adaption	self-governance, not like a cat doing things without a reason.			sounds like replicate ability, not the definitive level of intelligence, maybe an early stage. Why not define intelligence in different levels?	
								
	vague. all possible consequences? well, bomb in the room problem.	vague. Are all those terms defined?	this is a characterization, not a definition.	vague		mental?	vague. define ‘figure things out on the spot’ 	
								
								
This is a solid definition because it deals with action, rationality, and the relationship of an agent to its environment, as well as by picking out two aspects of intelligence: its global, per-agent quality (we ascribe intelligence to whole agents), and the fact that it seems to have components.	Anticipating the possible consequences of actions is an aspect of intelligence, though it isn't the whole thing.	This is a good description of some of the things we think might be in intelligence, though it might not be limited to that or could be a distinct property that facilitates these.	I would tweak this definition to say that behavior can have the quality of intelligence, though intelligence might not be limited to behavioral properties.	Good mental self-government is a property of intelligence, though I would not say that we can nail down what the essence of intelligence is.	People who can see relationships and use them to solve problems are often described as intelligence, but that might not be all there is to it.	This is a broad definition that pulls in many of the facets that we observe in people we ascribe as being intelligent, and therefore is most useful because it is concrete without being prematurely restrictive.	Whether intelligence is "clearly" a combination of this is debatable, but we would expect that people who could do these things would be called intelligent.	These are very reasonable definitions of intelligence, though intelligence may not simply be related to goal fulfillment.
						I like that this definition gives example of both what it is and what it is not	I'm not sure that immediacy is that important	
from a survival point of view this is true, if they failed at dealing effectively with their environment they wouldn't survive, but would we then say they are unintelligent? this sounds like a definition for intelligence in successful humans only.	This is part of the requirement for making decisions, which is an element of intelligence. But anticipating or prediction is a very hard problem and not always possible so it's important not to make the definition rely on correct prediction.	this seems meaningless to me	this is a good property for intelligence but not a definition. Also, cannot someone be intelligent yet not very adaptable?		This is one aspect, but not the entirely by a long shot.	This is a good enough start to a definition for human intelligence, but I don't know if it is the goal of AI. Maybe it should be.	I like this one, it has the aspects of adaptability, recognition of context, memory and learning. It still doesn't include decision making, optimization and self-reflection, but it's getting closer.	I don't see the use of such a definition for general human or machine intelligence. This is a very specific type of agent/person who acts optimally. The definition of rational is a loaded term and requires filling in, it is not always clear what it means as it depends on utility and probability and many factors. Goal fulfillment also needs to be clarified, is it preferences? utilities? end goal states?
								
								
This sounds good but lacks the learning aspect, which, in the context of humans as opposed to my AI viewpoint, is probably implied by "deal[ing] effectively". "Think rational" is too vague to be helpful, at least from an AI point of view.	I quite like this. Again, learning is implied. Many aspects of intelligence can be expressed as "anticipating ... possible consequences", including the discovery of a complex mathematical proof, or (other) creative activity. I also like it for its brevity, even if some aspects of intelligence have to be taken to be implicit.	While this sounds good intuitively, it is not helpful to characterize what intelligence allows us to do, how to measure it, or how to design or evaluate AI systems.	This is too narrow. One can think of changing environments containing agents that qualify as intelligent under this definition but are not sophisticated in meaningful ways.	This is a rather introspective definition, which can be misleading in cognitive science and is mostly meaningless in AI.	Applies to closed worlds. Many classical machine learning and data mining systems qualify as intelligent under this definition.	The definition and my reaction resemble those of Question 5.	The definition and my reaction resemble those of Question 6.	Here we're back to a mostly behavioral definition that I'm more comfortable with. It lacks the learning aspect though.
								
		Too narrow						
								
								Intelligence is not an optimization problem, it cannot be represented by an algorithm.
Saying too much, given the current meanings of words.	Saying too much, given the current meanings of words.	Saying too much, given the current meanings of words.	Saying too much, given the current meanings of words.	Saying too much, given the current meanings of words.	Saying too much, given the current meanings of words.	Saying too much, given the current meanings of words.	Saying too much, given the current meanings of words.	Saying too much, given the current meanings of words.
	This is insufficient for true intelligence	This is insufficient because the repertoire may be highly limited for a particular individual	Not bad, but part of intelligence is deciding when to adapt					
Rationality is not the aim of intelligence.	The acting and adapting aspects are missing.	The reflexive aspect, i.e. the way to use, combine and modify this repertoire is missing.	The learning aspect is not exposed.	Rationality (suggested by 'coherent' among others) is not intelligence.	Learning and adaptation is missing.	Mental is somehow restrictive.	Reflexive aspect is a little bit missing. Btw intelligence definition is not "clear [...]"	Not (always) an optimal, not (always) rational, not (always) related to an explicit goal. 
	Equates intelligence with prediction.	Too static, misses the adaptation capability itself.	This makes us none the wiser.		Why bring in problems?	Misses the crux.		Shouldn't equate intelligence with optimization.
This definition is poor because it only lists symptoms of intelligence, not a "root-cause" definition.	This definition is incomplete because it does not specify how responses are chosen, given the situation and possible consequence.	This definition is very poor, because it precludes intelligence without long-term memory.	This definition does capture the adaptive essence of intelligence, but does not capture the importance of time horizons as well as "intelligence is a process that maximizes future freedom of action".	This is a circular definition: "intelligence" = "self-government".	This is an almost-circular definition: "intelligence" = "problem-solving".	This definition is a list of symptoms, not a quantitative measure.	This definition is circular and vacuous, since the combination of "figuring things out on-the-spot" and "figuring things out not-on-the-spot" is simply "figuring things out".	This definition is almost circular: "intelligence" = "rational behavior".
								
								
								
Dealing effectively with the environment is important. The other two attributes merely support that.	Prediction (anticipation) is one important aspect of an effective intelligent system.	Too weak to consider.	Adapting to a changing environment is relevant.	"Self-government" is another word for cybernetics, and I believe cybernetics is the correct paradigm in which to understand intelligence. However, the specifics about "organized thought" are irrelevant.	Forming a model of the world is a useful task of intelligence, but certainly not the whole story.	Very weak, in that it is a grab-bag of attributes.		This is more the definition of a rational agent.
								
								
	I strongly agree because it includes situations that do not have to deal with optimization only					Again intelligence is connected to problem solving - to my opinion, intelligence goes beyond that.		
								
			Lots of unintelligent behavior fits this	Focused too much on thought vs action			Agree this describes intelligence but not a good definition	Two sentences don't connect well to each other
								
No notion of learning								
								
					"solve problems" is too narrow; it potentially forces one to consider "play" as "problem solving"			
								
								I am consistently concerned with definitions including the word "optimal"
The diffuse and interconnected nature of this definition appeals to me.	No, whatever "intelligence" is, it must also include sitting on a tree stump and contemplating the shapes of clouds.	Tautology. Intelligence is comprised of those things considered intellectual in nature. Now you have to tell me why I should consider something intellectual.	I like how this makes "intelligence" subservient to "behavior". Full disclosure: my views on this subject are strongly influenced by the writings of Martin Heidegger, who makes a good case for human beings as more "doing" animals than "thinking" animals.	I read Martin Heidegger for fun because I'm really, really intelligent.	Too vague.	I think so, but also TL;DR.	True as far as it goes, but that's more an aspect of intelligence rather than a definition of the whole thing.	I'm dinging anything that uses the word "rational".
								
It doesn't say anything /wrong/, but it's not very satisfying.  A "smart" traffic light with car sensors in the roads qualifies.	Well, this is /one/ kind of intelligence.  It's partly satisfying, and ethically useful.  But, for example, the work of theoretical physicists doesn't really have consequences in the sense this definition means.  Or musicians.	It says "intellectual."  That reflects the classic AI focus on things like playing chess, but not the more modern understanding that even walking on an irregular terrain is hard.	Fails the musician test.  Passes the dog test, though, which is good.	Another author who's never read Freud.	It captures part of the picture; relationships are indeed crucial.  But the "solve problems" part is too intellectual; is that what a musician is doing?	It acknowledges that intelligence is complicated and not really able to be pinned down in a single definition.  I like it the best of any so far in the survey.  But it may be too optimistic; I'm afraid the "think abstractly" part leaves out a large fraction of the human race.	A good partial definition.  I'm not sure it captures what a musician does; "figure out" is too much about puzzles.	Fails the Freud test.  By this definition Trump voters don't exhibit intelligence, which is a tempting conclusion but too narrow.
Too fuzzy, unclear. Essentially useless.	Reference to "situation" appears myopic, also leaves other elements such as "learning".	What is "available at any one period of time"?					Why "on the spot"? Clearly?	
Ok in some particular contexts (re general remark in section 10 of Machine intelligence, say M10). For the general case though I would make the following remarks, some in favor, and other ones against current definition 1, say H1: - The definition of intelligence here would be more appropriate for cognition: “[Cognition] is the … capacity etc..” - “to act” goes beyond cognitive realm, deploys its effects in the real world. - “purposefully” – I strongly agree with that; cognition is impossible (intractable?) without focusing on a purpose; the latter allows for (simple, ad hoc) modeling and for all related cognitive processes. - “to think” has a connotation of human embodiment; to deliberate would do the same for a group, and to process information would convey a connotation of machine-based implementation. Fundamentally, for a cognitive agent, these words are synonyms. - “rationally” is an exaggerated simplification; first, the terms to be considered in a reasoning process (deduction, induction) already suffer from the extreme, ad hoc simplification of models; thus element A in a clause or predicate may in practice be quite different from the corresponding, nominal element A in another clause or predicate, not allowing for firm and crisp conclusions; second, there is more than rationality in cognitive realm, such as intuition, probabilities (re. e.g. Bayes), unconscious reactions, or “gut feelings”. - “to deal with … environment” implies being embedded in real world (embodied), with power management, real time perception, synchronous appraisal of values, and possible, occasional radical changes in modeling and subsequent, corresponding cognitive processes in order to escape critical threats and pick relevant opportunities; this extends far beyond the boundaries of cognition. - I think that in general it is better to define intelligence as one only of the cognitive “elements or abilities which, though not entirely independent, are qualitatively differentiable”.	Ok in some particular contexts (re general remark in section 10 of Machine intelligence, say M10). For the general case though I would make the following remarks, some in favor, and other ones against current definition 2, say H2: - Cognition, or more specifically expertise, would be better names for the ability described in definition H2 for intelligence. - Intelligence is (should be defined as) the property to learn; by this token, intelligence implies a low level of initial expertise, expected to raise as experience is acquired. Clearly, when applicable, as DNA in humans, or file copies in digital world, a direct replication of high level of expertise is preferable, short-cutting some possible (too long-lasting, and often uncertain) learning processes. - “individual” in this Definition H2 may be ambiguous; I can see a connotation of referring to a human, especially in this part of the questionnaire? It could be extended to a more universal scope, by stating that “individual” could also apply to an artificial cognitive system? Or a collective entity (group, society)? And if not why (can we point at the discriminating features)?	Ok in some particular contexts (re general remark in section 10 of Machine intelligence, say M10). For the general case though I would make the following remarks, some in favor, and other ones against current definition 3, say H3: - Cognition would be a better name for the “repertoire” described in definition H3 for intelligence. - “skill” is a cognitive property (I would rather use the synonym “expertise”, instead): to do right and fast. - “acquired” implicitly refers to “learning”, which is the essential property of intelligence; in this sense the word is quite appropriate in regard to intelligence. But skills may also be implemented without learning, e.g. by DNA replication (re. humans) or digital copying (re. artificial, machine-based cognitive system). -“knowledge” is a cognitive property; it is (it should in my opinion be defined as) the ability to do right, i.e. to deliver the right output information. -“generalization” has not been defined per se in MCS theory of cognition (re. M10).  Either generalization is a property of the particular cognitive domain addressed, then generalization is implicitly done when the delivered information is right, belongs to the domain. Or generalization is an internal process of the cognitive systems, and in that case it is ignored, as we have a behavioral, “black box”, approach. -“intellectual”: the word is not defined, and looks close to “intelligence”, which is the main concept to be defined. I would suggest “cognitive”, but if cognition is the new subject of the sentence, as suggested above, we would have the same tautology problem. “Imaginary” could be a better alternative, as we fundamentally have on one side reality, the real world, which “is” (re. Parmenides) and on the other side the cognitive world, which is purely imaginary, supporting in particular the idea of time, the past, the future, and all kinds of virtual constructs. -“problem solving” re. “generalization” above. Idem. -“available at any one period of time” : this formulation is not so clear for me? I understand it as “implemented in real world”. I would totally agree, and would state it differently: cognition (which supports the imaginary notion of time, and associated visions of past and future) requires a real world engine, an infrastructure, an embedment, an embodiment (reality “is”, totally lies in that “current” imaginary time that keeps passing).	Ok in some particular contexts (re general remark in section 10 of Machine intelligence, say M10). In fact even for a general context, I agree with most of this view: - “behavior” : In MCS theory of cognition (re. M10), the model proposed for a cognitive agent is also behavioral, i.e. essentially defined by its input-output function. - “adaptive … changing environment”: implicitly, this seems to refer to the ability to learn, which is the definition of intelligence in MCS. - Notice though that a system could just be expert in a well-known cognitive domain, e.g. a pocket calculator, or a seasoned interpreter,  adapting to incoming data to deliver appropriate, i.e. output information that belong to current cognitive domain. Therefore, I would favor the explicit notion of learning, i.e. the capability to increase expertise level as experience grows to qualify intelligence. - Remember that modeling is a pragmatic process that primarily aims at success in reaching specific goals; any additional claim made for coherence or completeness versus reality (“truth”) would be an obstacle; so it is not necessarily disturbing to have different models. Depending on the particular model retained (the particular cognitive domain observed), the same process may sometimes be validly considered either as intelligent, or as expert; either as learning, or not.	Ok in some particular contexts (re general remark in section 10 of Machine intelligence, say M10). Here are some additional comments: - “Intelligence” : in this definition, I would rather use “cognition” for the general scope that is described, keeping the word intelligence for the more specific cognitive property of being able to learn. -“mental”: ok if a connotation of humans is wanted; otherwise, I would recommend the more universal (i.e. equally applicable to humans, machines, groups or subsystems) “cognitive” qualifier. In this particular sentence, to avoid a tautology, the sentence could be rephrased as follows: Cognition relates to the imaginary (or non-physical) aspects of self-management. - “self-government … govern ourselves … internal needs”: the situation is complicated enough; so I would first advocate a behavioral model, i.e. to leave internal aspects inside the black box and focus on input and output elements; on agent’s general behavior in the real-world, in its “environment”. - “mental self-government”: this is not very clear to me; I understand it in a way that exceeds cognitive domain. To make my point more clear, I would first distinguish three domains: 1. the real-world, where power and other physical properties prevail, and which I strongly associate with the concept of “actions”; the laws of physics apply. 2. the cognitive world, where notably “intelligence”, “thoughts” and the laws of logic are core entities, non-physical, of imaginary nature. 3. a mixed world where the laws of values primarily apply; where all depends on critically avoiding threats and picking opportunities; where keeping synchronous, monitoring the “environment” adapting current goals is the key. Domains 1 and 3 can be taken into consideration in the fascinating domain 2, but via modeling only, i.e. in infinitesimal terms, and with a high risk of mismatch (re. grounding problem). By this token, intelligence should only be considered in domain 2 (cognitive domain). Self-governance by contrast implies also domains 1 and 3. Embodiment in real world, including synchrony and perception, appraising values, and occasionally updating (current) goals and consequently modelling approaches, corresponding cognitive processes, and perhaps launching appropriate actions also in real-world. - “coherent, and responsive to … the environment”: same remarks as in previous point, H4, paragraph “adaptive … changing environment” and following ones.	Ok in some particular contexts (re general remark in section 10 of Machine intelligence, say M10). In general terms, I would suggest to be more specific: in MCS theory for cognition, “the ability to see relationships and … solve problems”  is  (is defined as) knowledge (ability to deliver the right information, to do right). If speed were moreover taken into account, we could define expertise. And if this expertise would be reported as growing, we could define learning, which is the essential quality of intelligence (as defined in MCS model for cognitive sciences).	Ok in some particular contexts (re general remark in section 10 of Machine intelligence, say M10). Here are some additional comments: - “Intelligence” :  in this definition, I would rather use “cognition” for the general scope that is described, keeping the word intelligence for the more specific cognitive property of being able to learn. -“mental”: ok if a connotation of humans is wanted; otherwise, I would recommend the more universal (i.e. equally applicable to humans, machines, groups or subsystems) “cognitive” qualifier. In this particular sentence, to avoid a tautology, the sentence could be rephrased as follows: Cognition is a very general capability relating to imaginary (non-physical) representations that …”. - “… involves the ability to reason, plan, solve problems, think abstractly, comprehend complex ideas, learn quickly and learn from experience” I agree that these are all cognitive notions; specifically, the last expression “learn from experience” is precisely expressing the essence of intelligence (in MCS theory of cognition ; re. M10), - “book learning, or test-taking smarts” refer to features and processes internal in agents, or methods of implementation, which are not the primary topic addressed in this questionnaire. At this point the behavioral, black-box approach deserves priority as it focusses better on the selected goal. - “… comprehending our surroundings — “catching on,” “making sense” of things, or “figuring out” what to do.”: these operations stretch beyond the field of cognition. They require immersion in real world, “synchrony”, and imply elements orthogonal to cognition – reality, values, goal-setting. In particular for modeling (designing a representation to bridge on one side the real world, and on the other side, the imaginary, cognitive world), there are essentially two approaches: first, replicate best practices, and second, when none is available, let chance do. The process of “making sense” precisely imply the very challenging task of connecting an infinitesimal representation in cognitive world to the infinitely complex corresponding element in real world that it is meant to represent.	Ok in some particular contexts (re general remark in section 10 of Machine intelligence, say M10). Here are some additional comments: - “intelligence is … the ability to ‘figure things out on the spot’ is very elliptic, but I would agree if this means an ability to learn, i .e. to increase knowledge as time (experience) goes. - “repeat things that have been figured out in the past” on the contrary looks like knowledge (to deliver the right information, to do right) or, taking also into account a certain speed, expertise (common synonyms: know-how, skill, competence).	Ok in some particular contexts (re general remark in section 10 of Machine intelligence, say M10). Here are some additional comments, with the goal of achieving a general definition of intelligence in mind: - This question, H9, refers to many concepts, with a large scope, and here intelligence does not look appropriately defined (i.e. specifically, for applicability in a general case). - “To think … rationally “ are terms that relate to cognition, an appropriate context for the concept of intelligence. -The terms  “behave … action … practical affairs …individual’s goal fulfillment” though refer to the domain of reality and to the domain of values and thus are not strictly confined in the cognitive domain, where intelligence plays an important role. -“… optimal … optimization”: optimization in general refers to a criterion, which looks very good, but that criterion may not be critical or even relevant for some applications though.  Here the criteria are given as “optimal behavior in the domain of practical affairs” or “individual's goal fulfillment”. And this is precisely, in H9 author’s view, intelligence. Why not avoid talking about optimization, and simply provide instead a quantized estimation of intelligence (i.e. here, of behavioral goodness, or of goal fulfillment)?  “Intelligence” is not (should not be defined as) a behavior. It is (should in my opinion be defined as) a quality, the ability (of a cognitive agent) to learn as time (or experience) goes, i.e. to increase expertise, to do (to deliver information) more and more right and fast.
	Confuses intelligence with knowledge	Again, confuses intelligence with knowledge	True, but not a definition.	Interesting.  I'll have to think about this one.				
								
								
A bit vague, but incorporates a concept of goal or purpose along with a (somewhat vague) concept of adaptation.	Too narrow -- anticipation is not the only mechanism for adaptation.	Circular -- builds an assumed definition of intelligence back into the definition via the word intellectual.  	Too much remains implicit here (what are the demands of a the changing environment -- note that these are all related to maintaining system integrity in the face of entropic forces), but this is better.	Assumes mentality as critical without definition of the "mental," (conscious? representational?) and idea that environment has needs seems really off base.	Simultaneously too vague and too narrow.	General direction is good, but the fact that so many defining terms are delivered in scare quotes suggests lack of clear definition.	Again, vague and narrow, combined with use of scare quotes indicating lack of clarity in the thinker's own head.	This begins to get closer.
								
This isn't a very accessible definition. Even if it's true, it contains too much jargon and not enough substance.	This seems too in-the-moment, and it lacks several important aspects of intelligence. Also, this could be made more inclusive by using "his or her" or some gender-neutral version of the same idea.	All of these things seem like different types of knowledge, rather than intelligence. Intelligence is the capacity to *use* such knowledge effectively.	Framing intelligence as dependent on behavior is good, but the rest of it is not specific enough.	This "mental self-government" seems more like self-awareness and perhaps consciousness, rather than intelligence per se. Intelligence may not require such self-awareness and consciousness, but in any case, intelligence is much broader.	Much too narrow. These are things that intelligence enables, but they are not intelligence itself.	This is pretty good, although it's not very precise. Get rid of all the air-quotes, and replace those phrases with more precise language.	Again, this isn't exactly false, but it doesn't capture the full extent of intelligence.	This is too vague and imprecise, and the excessive use of jargon makes it relatively inaccessible.
								
								
tangential	too specific				too narrow	no a definition, just a list of examples	"clearly" is really not appropriate for a definition of intelligence	rationality and intelligence are not the same thing for me.
		Kind of self-referential, but works.		Doesn't need to be an explicit thought process to be intelligent.	Only one facet.		Kind of narrow.	We're far from optimal.
					This is only one sub-goal			
								
								
								
	When we build AI Minds, we include a Volition Module which initiates a motor action for a "given situation" only when the "possible consequences" in favor of an action outweigh the negative consequences. 		Yes, but... so what?		Our AI Minds establish concepts as "relationships" between perceived entities.		Our AI Minds constructed heretofore in software include a lifelong AI memory channel of sensations and conceptualizations.	
								
Philosophical mish mash	better formulation : a system's...	common sense	too vague: quality of behavior is incorrect, externally observed in the quality... is better.	anthropocentric	too vague		vague	2 capabilities are conflated: intelligence and "courage"
				It feels to early to claim to know the "essence" of intelligence.				Why only the individual's goals?
but not think rationally		above statement is incomplete. Intelligence is all the above, but also to create entirely new repertoire of skills that are not available at that instant.						
								
"thinking rationally" is, maybe, almost as vague as "intelligence"		I can't think of any trait that, for me, characterize intelligence that cannot be described in this way, except maybe for the "acquired" modifier, which seems beyond the point.	I don't think intelligence is restricted to behavior. Long-term vision, or global understanding of complex issues with the ability to connect the dots between information across domains are not behaviors and I consider them to be part of intelligence.	I don't think it is very useful.	I can't think of any trait that, for me, characterize intelligence (from street smarts to common sense or social or intellectual abilities) that cannot be described in this way.	Is this a definition?	Not bad, but very vague. 	I don't think intelligence is restricted to behavior.
								Neither rationality nor optimality is the same as intelligent, and in fact counter-examples of equivalence exist in each quadrant. This is a definition from the psych side, not the computer science side.
								
								
What is meant by 'the individual'? Is individuality necessary for intelligence?	We can never definitively understand the possible consequences of any action, which propagate endlessly in both space and time.	Once again, why is this limited to individuals? Why not systems of individuals, systems of systems, of systems ... etc.?	Does behavior include symbolic manipulations, such as the creation of theories or the performance of abstract mathematics?	Most behavior is socially and culturally conditioned rather than chosen. We are governed largely by unconscious habits. Does this mean that most of our behavior is unintelligent? Maybe it does ...	It is an element of intelligence, but certainly not all of it.	Yes, I would more specifically state that high levels of intelligence require the ability to find things meaningful.	What does 'figure out' mean? Does it include the behavioral responses of microbes?	Why should "practical affairs" monopolize intelligence?
There are too many dependent definitions required. What does it mean to be purposeful?	What does it meant to anticipate?							
OK but again presumes definitions of purpose & rationality	gender bias, implied explicit access to model justifying action. much intelligence is evolved, with no understanding anywhere of why it works.	"acquired" doesn't buy you anything and implies that you aren't born (or designed for AI) with perceptual limits that benefit your intelligence.	Is this Winston?  Anyway, this is exactly what I was taught at Edinburgh. Very effective, connects well to Dennett.	I kind of like this  one though it is again more ritualized than necessary.	OK as a component, doesn't capture much of the phenomenon	this is pretty good but again overlooks embodiment, evolution/design etc.	again not a full definition but more accurate than a lot of the above.	that's OK to define rationality, but again that's only one component of intelligence.
								
It leaves out things like scientific, mathematical, philosophical, musical intelligence.						There's a lot more to think about than our surroundings. Talk to a mathematician.		There are rarely unique optimal solutions to hard problems. In many case optimality isn't even meaningful, e.g. in many hard moral problems. (Ask a good moral philosopher.)
								
	It involves running its model to choose actions to optimize the future.	Intelligence decreases with age of humans.	Learning from experience is an essential element of intelligence.	Most of us act instinctively, by gut reaction.	Relationships must include input-output relationships of operators.		It involves both fast and slow thinking.	It's not necessarily optimal.  It's good enough.
								
								
I like this one. It misses to explain purposefully. Rational and effective interaction with your environment is subject to someone’s subjective evaluation, so it's hard to quantify and to reason about a superior intelligence.	Quite good, includes learning and reasoning in a nice indirect way. Makes it hard to measure but is nice and concise.						No need for 'on the spot' and no reference to learning.	
								
								
								
unintelligible, too long and waffly				maybe? a bit incoherent and general 	Clear and concise	There is no need to setup a definition of intelligence in opposition to perceived anti-intellectualism 		Rationality and intelligence are not the same thing.
Sounds like someone is making laundry.	Partially true, but insufficient and too coarse.	This sounds like IQ where memory is favored over learning ability.	Behavior is vague but suggests embodiment only and ignores the importance of mental representation, i.e. modelling of body/environment		A part of some intelligent systems (including human) surely.	laundry list...	folk theory	far from every needing to be optimal - sufficiency is the rule.
								
								
This is Minsky, isn't it? I generally agree with the definition, but I have come to believe that rationality, while a quality of an intelligent actor, is not a NECESSARY quality of an intelligent actor.	Anticipating possible consequences (not necessarily rationally, but also possibly instinctively) means that the individual is able to include itself in its model of the world.							This is getting repetitive.
								
As before, I am not convinced by the marriage of rationality and intelligence. Purpose, efficacy, and the highlighting of aggregation are useful and important, though.		Very interesting! I personally would make a difference as the ability to acquire those skills/knowledge etc. and the actual set acquired, which strikes me more as akin to education...BUT I might be completely wrong about that!			I'd have to think about this definition some more.	I agree but I am not sure that I find this definition useful.	A bit vague.	This definition tempers rationality with goals and beliefs, which helps. But intelligence = optimality strikes me as too restrictive, and I don't see a clear connection between the first and second part of the definition.
								
								
								
rationality is not the only way to proceed.								
Far too limited. Action is not needed - someone may be paralyzed but still be intelligent  	That is learning but might simply be "a rat recognizing a trigger for food". Intelligence calls for more reasoning.	Intelligence is an individual's usage of their "entire repertoire........time"	Rubbish	Very good but omits "Learning and reasoning that straddles multiple dimensions.	This is just one of the abilities	Hoorah! delete "mental" and "our surroundings" and it covers Human and Artificial Intelligence	This is a part of intelligence but not all.	Think but no need to behave. It also fails to cover thinking about someone else and thinking about intangibles, unreachable and abstractions. e.g. A scientist uses intelligence to decide whether to change the trajectory of a satellite. A valuer uses intelligence in considering/ deciding whether a work of art is authentic.
								
								
qualitatively differentiable is meaningless in this context	this is just planning	too focused on an instant	too much emphasis on change and no internal thought	emotion is not a positive governing force; this feels more like a definition of mind	too narrow	too passive…have to be able to act and innovate from all that knowledge	where's the ability to learn new things?	intelligence is rarely optimal
								
This does not address learning or adaptability, nor does it identify the distinguishing characteristics of intelligence or what guides it. 	This is necessary, but not sufficient.	Intelligence is primarily determined by outcomes not capacity. This definition is all about capacities, not putting them together to deliver desirable outcomes.	Not specific enough. Again, a car's cruise control system qualifies under this definition. 	Again, the degree of intelligence is based on outcomes. Here, intelligence is an element of a control system.	Necessary, but not sufficient. Every vertebrate animal has this capability, yet we can distinguish degrees of intelligence - so there must be more to it. We can also do this with machine learning systems for constrained problems and they do not approach human intelligence.	This is a laundry list of capabilities consistent with intelligence. It fails to capture  how these arise or the essential components of intelligence.	This is so vague as to be meaningless.	Optimality is rarely achieved by anyone or anything, so this word should be struck from any definition. Reference to goal fulfillment is important because it includes outcomes. 
	I am not sure we do a lot of anticipation.						loose but clear	Rationality is probably an illusion.
Acting, thinking and dealing are relevant actions, but they seem to limit the definition to these three actions.	It seems incomplete to me; the anticipation might also be achieved by learning from past actions		Even within a constant environment, an agent may show intelligent behavior		One can see relationships where there are none; what about discerning and reasoning about said relationships?	I like that the definition agrees to be incomplete, for example by using "among other things"	One can still figure things out after some time rather than on the spot, in case of complex problems	It seems to me that the ability to reason about those goals and beliefs is also important
								Optimal is too strong
								
If we drop "think rationally part" or even change "think" to act, single-cell organisms would be considered intelligent. No offense to our single-cell fellas.	It is rather a corollary of an agent being intelligent. However, humans, often considered intelligent, do not always follow this rational incentive to think about consequences. 	Intelligence is a sum of somewhat intellectual. Keep going.	I like the idea that intelligence is a quality, quite likely a continuous one. But once again, single-cell organisms turn out to be quite intelligent.	The essence of this definition is internally driven by some thought-framework that only increases entropy around intelligence 	Still trying to define something through other things that will have their complex definitions. In particular, is survival instinct a form of intelligence? (it looks and feels so actually) Does survival instinct predate seeing relationships and problem solving? (don't answer, we are in a really grey territory here)	And it is general enough that we cannot define it. 	It can be yet another corollary of an agent being intelligent. But not the other way around. 	Is it only about practical affairs and optimization? I knew that my grid-searches are truly intelligent. P.S. Rationality is called this way because it doesn't require beliefs other than strict decision problem formulation. 
								
This definition is not general enough	This definition is not general enough	This definition is not general enough		This definition is not general enough	This definition is not general enough	This definition is not general enough	This definition is not general enough	This definition is not general enough
								Where do goals and beliefs come from?
								
ok, but we still have to define "action", "belief", "practical" and "goal". If the definitions are supposed to be the general definitions of these terms then I am not ok with the statement.		I would not limit the definition to its actions but to all possible actions and also to all possible connections between knowledge objects (a knowledge object would be an item that means something for this agent: a currency for a human does not mean anything as a "thing")		Too many hypothesis in the definition	I do not consider intelligence as a conscious homunculus in the brain. 	Not a definition but sure.	sure! not very helpful but sure.	not necessarily, here the intelligence is assimilated to the knowledge, which I think are two different aspects. Intelligence should include the acquisition and the usage of knowledge, but should not be assimilated to the knowledge itself (in my opinion).
								
	I really like this one... maybe expand to add some semblance of rationality 		a quality of behavior? I'm not so sure.					
note the sexist use of "his"	it discusses only one element of intelligent,		it discusses only one element of intelligent, and poorly at that.					
This writer has some agenda or lens that has led these words to be phrased in this awkward way. Not sure what it is, though. 	Possibly good, but needs to avoid "his" to be gender neutral. Also could include anticipating others' actions. 	Too focused on the one human's head and not related to social interactions or interactions with the environment. 	This is a little simple, but seems accurate. Still wish it included other entities like people. 	Nothing about interaction with other people. 	Ok, but not rich enough. 	Better than the above definitions, but still nothing about interaction with others. 	Not rich enough. 	Humans don't optimize and aren't rational See Kahmeman & Tversky.
								
								
								
								
								
Intelligence is interaction and transformation with the environment	Effective solutions deals with avoiding obstacles 	I repeat, intelligence is proportional to  optimality of found solutions	Not just to adapt, but adapting the environment to own gains	Intelligence is not related with self-consciousness	I repeat, pattern recognition is an essential intelligence element	I repeat, intelligence is proportional to  optimality of found solutions	Pattern recognition is an essential intelligence element	I repeat, intelligence is proportional to  optimality of found solutions
	Only a partial definition.			Mental self-government is one ability among many.	Only a partial definition.		Only a partial definition.	
								
				If humans are intelligent, then this definition fails --- our thoughts are not organized and coherent, much less responsive to the needs of the environment.			Any technical claim marked by "clearly" is probably wrong.	This is a very Utilitarian description of intelligence and optimality.
	Weak and limited	Again, a Western based vision of intelligence that, for example, completely ignore the complexity of body intelligence and other non-rational forms.	Not only. Intelligent systems act to change their environment	Without mental would be better but the concept of self-governance is good.	Weak and limited	This could be useful (maybe) in primary school.	Weak and limited	No, it's not optimal behavior because there's no optimal behavior in complex domains.
Here you use "his" meaning "human's". That should be changed to plural. This definition is bout "human intelligence" not all possible intelligences.	That is important, but it is not all	It is partial.	I already wrote that not only adaptive but also visionary/anticipative/constructive qualities characterize intelligent agents.	It is partial and introduces another term, "mental" which is even less well defined than intelligence.	It is partial	Se above. "Mental" is used to explain "intelligence".	It is partial.	Now we seem to identify "intelligent" with "rational".
					It remains unclear what "see relationships" and "solve problems" mean.	Human intelligence - besides a mental capability - may also be a practical, social, emotional, or even musical capability.		
				wrong emphasis				Seeking optimum without necessarily achieving it...
wordy and sexist	limited and sexist	wordy	intelligence need not be revealed in behavior	eh, it's vague but on right track	sounds good, but vacuous	flexible	sounds good, but vacuous	
								
See above.	Very narrow	I do not think we are in a position to define Human Intelligence. It is a definition that changes over time (And as presidents change ... :-( ) I personally do not know enough - and doubt any human being does - in order to define it completely and correctly. And I do not think we really need to define it here.	See above.	See above	yes - to some extent. It also means various other things.	See above. This definition is better than others as it acknowledges the breadth needed in a definition.	Clearly? This is all that intelligence is?	See above.
		ignores social context		too inward-directed	important piece of a bigger definition, but too narrow on its own	no mention of critical thinking		
								
								Rationality is not intelligence, nor vice versa.
Too rationality oriented 		Not sure what "intellectual in nature " means	Intelligence cannot be limited to behavior	Too much rationality oriented		Should deepen the "among other things" part. If not the definition is useless	Too narrow	Too rationality oriented 
		"intellectual in nature"? is that supposed to mean rational, or not? I don't understand this. 		organized and coherent? Then not that many humans would be intelligent.				does not seem to fit human behavior
								
Reasonable summary but slightly circular because it includes "think rationally" which itself needs to be defined.	OK, but focuses only on one aspect of intelligence, anticipation.	Because this includes skills and knowledge, this definition emphasizes learned knowledge over intrinsic ability.  Most humans generally think of "intelligence" as an intrinsic characteristic rather than a measure of developed skills.	OK, but focuses on only one aspect of intelligence, adaptiveness.	This is a lovely philosophical statement that doesn't define anything clearly.	OK but limited in scope.	This is much more in line with what most average people consider intelligence to be.	"retain and repeat" is too limiting.  Intelligence must clearly include the ability to synthesize information and apply to new tasks.	Much too academic of a definition to be practically useful.  (Thus, by its own logic, not an "intelligent" statement.)
								
This captures some of the core characteristics at a good level of generality and is well-phrased.  	This says nothing about the nature of that response (in an intelligent case, that response would seek to improve somehow the individual's situation or achieve the goal).  	Not wrong, but I find it messy; it uses too many technical words "generalization" and "learning set", for example.  	This is not wrong but it focuses only on adaptivity, ignoring other qualities one generally expects of intelligent behavior.  	This is actually quite nice (though it obscures the active quality that people usually see in 'intelligence').  	By this definition almost any machine learning algorithm is intelligent.  Sure, in the narrow sense, but too much is hidden in the words "solve" and "problem".  	This is not bad, but it is too long.  I would like it better if the final bit after the dash were omitted.  Also, the contrast to book learning, etc., is too narrow and not appropriate for a good general definition; it fits better into an explication after the definition.  	Unclear what "figure things out" means.  	This is not bad, though it does not define what "appropriate" means.  And I don't think intelligent behavior is restricted to practical affairs alone; specialized ones (even chess) are often more reflective of intelligence than 'practical' ones.  
								
This definition is holistic	There are other aspects - emotion, feelings, fears, etc.	The repertoire can change with time and experience	Does not have to demonstrate ability to meet environment demands. Intelligence can be inherent.		Does not have to be problem-solving focused.	It is broad and comprehensive	Too abstract.	Has a decision-making flavor 
								
								
								
This definition doesn't help to design a test or measure of intelligence.	This definition doesn't help to design a test or measure of intelligence.	This definition doesn't help to design a test or measure of intelligence.	This definition doesn't help to design a test or measure of intelligence.	This definition doesn't help to design a test or measure of intelligence.	This definition doesn't help to design a test or measure of intelligence.	This definition doesn't help to design a test or measure of intelligence.	This definition doesn't help to design a test or measure of intelligence.	This definition doesn't help to design a test or measure of intelligence.
								
								
								
								
	*par of* intelligence	broad definition that acknowledges all skills	This is more in line with what I see as machine intelligence (or perhaps just "intelligence"). However, humans, in order to reach these goals, have a very rich set of potentially heuristic skills, that have become a completely integral part of what we understand under human intelligence.	an important *part of* intelligence	an important *part of* intelligence		an important *part of* intelligence	This is more in line with what I see as machine intelligence (or perhaps just "intelligence"). However, humans, in order to reach these goals, have a very rich set of potentially heuristic skills, that have become a completely integral part of what we understand under human intelligence.
		Would add that this repertoire is applied to doing, problem solving or interacting in the environment				And importantly, doing them.	Important to this notion is actually making decisions and acting on things that have been figured out	We don't behave optimally, but adaptively to a changing social and ecological context 
								
Seems plausible, if "purposefully" and "effectively" (and maybe "rationally") mean to increase biological fitness.	Our ability to imagine (and, especially, have preferences about what we imagine) is clearly a highly adaptive trait.	There is clear evidence of a general cognitive function, first described by Spearman as "G".  It has some relationship to these words, but they are themselves not well defined.  And this definition seems to omit any biological or inherited aspects of the phenotype (despite clear evidence that it is heritable, and some initial indications of genomic loci that play a role in it).	Yes, adaptiveness is a crucial component of any reasonably theory of mind.	Seems to put a lot of weight on what "govern" means.  Is regulate a synonym?  What are "internally driven" needs? Are "environmental needs" anything other than the fitness landscape the organism encounters?  Seems less useful than "fitness" as a concept describing to what are needs need be responsive to.	Necessary, but not sufficient. My phone does this. 	These are important tasks, and align (loosely and imperfectly) with Kahneman's "system 1." Kahneman does a much better job describing these abilities.	Almost opaque. Is "ability to figure things out" more than a poor synonym for intelligence? Other than saying memory is important, this seems completely vacuous. 	Doesn't seem to align with human behavior very well.
	That is just the ability to be able to plan ahead in a generic situation. Not complete in my opinion.	That's a cyclic definition: intelligence is the set of skills considered intellectual (aka intelligent)?	Yes, but it does not cover the ability of understanding and reasoning upon one's own existence, thoughts and skills.		True. Identifying patterns and using them for problem solving is one major aspect of intelligence. However, self-consciousness, self-knowledge, self-criticism, self-* is missing.	True, but this leaves out self-consciousness, a very important part of intelligence in my opinion.	Not a complete definition. It leaves out problem-solving skills, learning, self-consciousness, epistemic thinking and others.	Humans rarely exhibit optimal behavior. This is not due to limited evidence: in fact, behavior is often suboptimal and contradictory with respect to the evidence in their disposal (even if such evidence is incomplete). So I don't think this is an appropriate definition.
								
Yes. The only drawback is that intelligence is associated just to an individual.	Partial definition.	Agree. Except that it excludes some features that may be innate and not acquired...	Partial definition.	Too much egocentric. Intelligence is needed to interpret complex situations even if do not intend to act according the current needs.	Only a fraction of what  intelligence is.	Fair complete definition.	Creativity also relies on intelligence...	Too narrow. Optimization may not be possible (is when intelligent decisions are more needed). What is meant by "practical affairs"?
								
		Mostly differentiates itself by considering memory...	Does not define intelligence; only adaptation.	Very good, but hard to evaluate empirically, so not very useful.	This is very close to “just” inductive reasoning...	Hard to evaluate objectively. Invokes too many implicit concepts.		Human-like AI (and humans) is not necessarily optimal. Or objective.
								
								
	Predicting the effects of actions seems paramount to defining intelligence.	This is very interesting, to think of intelligence as the capabilities of an agent and not the ability to achieve any specific thing.	I agree that intelligence absent behavior is nonsensical.					
								
								
								
								
	Systems that perceive, but do not behave can be interpreted as intelligent too.  For example, deep neural networks for image recognition are AI, but do not have actions.							It is too restrictive to require true "optimal" behavior.  Even humans often behave sub-optimally.
								
								
								
Intelligent behavior does not entail "effective" dealing with the environment. Creative and emotional processes can be very inefficient, yet we would not consider an entity humanly intelligent if it lacks these inefficient but quintessential human qualities.	Too narrow.		With this definition, most warehouse robots are intelligent, most humans are not.	The "internally driven needs" could be an interesting aspect.	Too narrow.	Lacks a notion of emotional intelligence, creative intelligence, etc.	Too narrow.	Too narrow.
								Doesn't have to be optimal 
	I agree, but it's only part of intelligence.	Too behavioral a definition IMO.	Too narrow. Intelligence also shows in non-changing environments.		Seems too narrow a point of view.			
								
This is too rational, I think more neurobiological								
Needs to be made gender neutral								
	Optimality is too strong a requirement. 	I am sympathetic to this definition, but the question is, is there no other way to solve problems? Is "seeing relationships" necessary?	Mathematical intelligence, for example, might involve solving a difficult problem that takes years to figure out.		It is hard to define what is considered "intellectual in nature". For example, is playing tennis a skill that is a part of intelligence? I would not describe it as an activity that is intellectual in nature, but definitely requiring intelligence.	Many of the things we do, that are deemed "intelligent", have little to do with our environments, e.g., writing (or reading) a novel, playing games, etc.	Anticipation may be a component of intelligence, as it is a component of planning, but it is not the whole of it. For example, it leaves out learning.	People considered intelligent may also be very disorganized.
Emphasis on multiple aspects/components	very simple, but doesn’t give the individual any power to change situations	too dry - we are more than problem solving	again, a passive view	I like this because it brings in self-awareness and choice	seems too narrow - not just to see relationships but to seek them and test for them and imagine them	more generous in scope but feels dry	too vague	again, I didn’t really understand this one
								When considering providing service, the optimization of objective function and other conditions (such as safety, energy, etc.) can only reach a tradeoff.
				internally driven needs				too psycho
Not sure this adds much, but awkward	Too narrow, but one of the many facets	But is this useful? How would it help the field?	Broad, weak	Another facet, but not the totality. Governance is often achieved by constraints, not necessarily mental 	 Narrow but correct	This is better because it's open, broad, yet specific. Listed here are about 10 facets. I expect we will ultimately list hundreds!	Sure, but this isn't very pointed or useful	Rests too much on goals, but these are not generally evident. Does every constraint become a goal? How overloaded is that?
								
								
								
								
								
								
I like "purposefully" rather than "goal-directed"/"problem solving" - this captures the spirit of intelligent action in a wider context that includes exploratory intelligence. 	A bit limited.	A bit circular (intellectual: intelligent). Don't like "problem-solving" - some intelligence is exploratory or reactive, not just problem-directed.		Good as far as it goes, but doesn't really break it down much.	Decent as far as it goes, I like "see relationships", but ignores less goal-directed processes such as exploratory and reactive intelligence.	One of the better of the "list" definitions - captures the right set of things.	Good to see the "reactive" intelligence in here, but a bit limited otherwise.	Good to see the consideration of bounded information. Some intelligence is exploratory or reactive, not just goal-directed.
This is better than previous, but still too much emphasis on rational.	Yes, anticipation is important to human intelligence, but again not the whole thing.	Why 'intellectual'? This def. would be ok without the 'considered intellectual in nature'.	Yes intelligence cannot really be thought of except in terms of behavior.	But our thoughts are clearly not organized and coherent, much of the time!	Human intelligence is not one thing - so cannot be reduced like this.	Ok, but still too much emphasis on reason.	True, but this is also the case for many animals.	Same objection as above. What about intuition or empathy.
								
								
								
Aggregate AND? global? purposefully, think and "deal with" are fuzzy terms. The requirement of a range of abilities is both appealing and problematic imo.	Given poor information, the anticipation/prediction may also be poor. But adequate prediction and response should be part of a definition.	I like generalization and learning sets, but "intellectual in nature" could be exchanged for "problem solving skills".	I like the inclusion of flexibility.	Too much cognition-based imo. what is the distinction between "internally driven needs" and the "needs of the environment"? And how would the former be defined for machines?	Problem solving is nice because it is pragmatic, and ability implies a level of quality. Relationships could be fleshed/out/clarified however.	Although not very precise, its essence is resonates with my idea of intelligence. Emphasizes breadth, creativity and flexibility.	The latter should be included, but the past might be a very recent past, in which case it is trivially necessary. "Figure things out on the spot" in itself is quite fuzzy.	Appropriate. Goals. Available evidence. Optimal (in a practical sense). Neat.
								
								
This is how we often use the notion informally; at the same time it will not be very helpful for scientific investigations.	This is one example of the manifestation of 'intelligence'.	I don't think it is restricted to acquired skills and I am afraid it may be not fully available sometimes.			Often this is what makes someone appear intelligent; but we need to look why certain people see certain relationships and some don't; often this may be trained experience that appears stunning to someone who doesn't have that experience rather than a completely different way of thinking.			We would first have to agree on optimality criteria before I can agree with the statement.
I think you can have a global perception of an individual, but it can be very broken in one area, and a master on another. 	Is just one perk of an intelligent person, but not necessarily present in all the intelligent people. 	I think that is more the result of it. 		Is just one type of intelligence that most of generally intelligent people lack of. 	Relationships are just one scenario. 		I don't think speed is the ultimate characteristic of an intelligent being, but it is a good reference. 	
								
								
								
								
								
								
Ok, but doesn't really help.		Circular.				Not very useful and possibly circular. Is there any "mental capability" that cannot be qualified as "intelligence"?		
I'm not sure whether it's about the behavior looking intelligent or the reasoning being intelligent/rational.	A bit light. What about goals, learning, ... ?	What about reasoning? Is that just a skill in this definition?		Looks too vague and prone to discussions. What does it mean (not) to be organized/coherent? Does self-government imply self-consciousness? ...		I am a bit disturbed by the presence of "abstraction".  What does it mean to think abstractly? Is it about thinking with symbols? Where are symbols in a brain? How do we know whether some animal with a brain uses symbols?		
								
					Intuition and imagination are missing			
								
								
		Describes the tools in the toolbox, but not the general intelligence wielding them.			Needs to be expanded. E.g. does "see relationships" require the ability to generalize?			
	"A given situation" could be just one simple situation. There are already narrow AI programs that do one simple thing very well. That is insufficient for "real AI".					I think this definition assumes a human-like way of thinking. I believe that the most successful AI systems won't be thinking in a human-like way.		
							Nothing about intelligence is "clearly"	
Tired					Mildly agree, because very open, many animals "see" relationships and use them to solve their animal problems. 			optimal, optimization are asking too much
Performance?	Perception? 	Performance?	Performance?	Performance?	Too weak. 	Mostly examples, no performance	Performance  	
				This is the worst of the proposed answers. Intelligence is not just 'mental' or cognitive. There is a huge amount of intelligent behavior in cells, and even on lower levels sometimes.			Too cognitive. Intelligence is more than the ability to figure things out or repeat them.	
				I choose this one - comprehensive				
N/A: This is a question for a psychologist or an English major.	N/A: This is a question for a psychologist or an English major.	N/A: This is a question for a psychologist or an English major.	N/A: This is a question for a psychologist or an English major.	N/A: This is a question for a psychologist or an English major.	N/A: This is a question for a psychologist or an English major.	N/A: This is a question for a psychologist or an English major.	N/A: This is a question for a psychologist or an English major.	N/A: This is a question for a psychologist or an English major.
								
								
Defines AI in terms of other poorly defined concepts.	Too specific to anticipation, consequences, and action.	Why just acquired? Definition doesn't say what makes that repertoire intelligent vs not intelligent.	Too many weasel words: essentially, adaptive, effective, etc.	Mental is undefined. Why focus on self-government? "Organized" and "coherent" are not well enough defined to be used in this definition.	Why focus on specifically relationships and solving problems?	Far too words, but parts of it would contribute to a reasonable definition.	Too focused on when answers are generated.	Hurt by use of the words "rationally," "appropriate," "goals," "beliefs," "optimal," and "practical."
					To limited. 			
		Doesn't define what is required to be intelligent. Simply states that one's intelligence is what one is. So sure. 	Don't need to adapt to be intelligent. You can be intelligent in a given environment only.	Intelligence doesn't require drive, needs, or the needs of an environment.	This is required for human-level intelligence, but not other intelligence necessarily. But doesn't define it necessarily.	Human-level intelligence has these features. But animal intelligence does not have them all.		No need for goals and optimization to be intelligent.
								
Better but still. How is rationally defined since its part of the explication (in Carnap's sense) of intelligence? 	Not only. The individualism behind these definitions is discomforting. 	Again, too individualistic!	The dynamic aspect of intelligence and the fact that this definition encompasses the environment is a plus. 	Too narrow and mentalistic...	Not bad but that's just one aspect. 	The second half is much better than the first...	It could be a collective skill, which is good. 	Reeks too much of economic reasoning. 
								
								
I do not agree that it is an aggregate or even that you are trying  to aggregate more than a very narrow set of human capabilities. You seem to assume that to act purposefully you must think rationally or that either are needed to deal effectively with the environment. Why is the word 'social' nowhere in evidence when we know that humans are social animals and that the development of individual capabilities (for example language!!) requires a long period of socialization?   And what's with the 'his'? Or is this men-rational women-emotional creeping in?	Up to a point. But it could be the ability to respond really quickly without anticipating.	Why are motor skills nothing to do with intelligence? Emotional intelligence? Social intelligence?	Much better and more compatible with a multi-dimensional view.	Up to a point. But not 'the essence'. And why is affect not mentioned anywhere?	Why start with the assumption that human intelligence is a single thing when many theorists have adopted a multi-dimensional view? And how can anyone that has a multi-dimensional view sensibly answer the questions on this page when they disagree with the premise? The answer is almost always bound to be 'up to a point'. In this one, it depends what you mean by 'relationships' and 'problems'.	Up to a point. 	Up to a point.	Juggling clubs makes use of intelligence too. So does child care. So does artistic work. So does counselling. So does a night in the pub. This is so US individualism.
	There is something like the collective intelligence.	This one also seems to limit the imagination (thinking about things that are not available).	Intelligent thought can exist without action.				Imagination excluded.	This one sounds like undermining imagination (thinking out of the box of existing evidences).
								
								
Quite ok in the "deal effectively with environment" part. Rationally can lead astray since it could be seen as value-based/biased.	Well, not only. Prediction is not everything or at least it does not give enough details on what it means. Less helpful.	Almost tautological. Avoid.	Fairly good but possibly too general as to be useful. But I think having an essentially "outside" view and definition is to be preferred to having a definition that requires us to "peek inside" the agent in question.	I'm not sure all/many humans that we consider intelligent are always or even often especially organized. Seems this definition introduces unnecessary bias as to what is really needed.	Too general. Relationships is not all there is to it and "solve problems" is not helpful/detailed enough.	I think we should avoid having definitions that are basically lists of things we have not yet fully understood or seen relations and patterns among/between. This is fairly good in pointing out that there is/might be a general/common core to these things though.	Sure, a bit too general to be helpful though imho. Also does not give enough focus on the "dynamic" aspects.	Yes, this is quite close to my own/preferred one from the page before on machine intelligence. Here it is stated more generally but also risk being more misunderstood. I prefer the more detailed one from earlier (my own/mixed one).
	This is definitely true and part of the definition, but not all of it.	Both circular and almost silly. "all skills available at any time" but also intellectual in nature? This is the worst one yet!	I really like calling it a quality of behavior. This is a good, clear, actionable definition.	This seems wrong. Intelligence isn't about self-government, but about interaction with an environment. This is turned inward way too far.	Too narrow	This gets closer to the messiness that is intelligence.	True, but very vague.	Not a bad definition, but not terribly helpful for building AI
"His" environment? C'mon!	If you see my comments in the first items, this reflects Huber's second step in decision making. This is thus  incomplete.	This is suggesting "how" and not "what". A definition should be about "what".	This is aligned with rational behavior, but it focus on the adaptive aspect only, which is crucial, but not a way to define machine intelligence.	This would be proper to define human intelligence, not machine intelligence. 	Solve problems may be a bit limited. There may be many ways to solve problems that are not necessarily rational. Focusing on relationships may be a bit limited because it suggests a "how" and not a "what", which is what a definition should bring.	This would be proper to define human intelligence, not machine intelligence. 	Very narrow facet, even if valid.	This is good in that it proposes rational behavior and the idea of knowledge, which are beliefs. I find the need of available evidence a bit limiting. I also like the individual's goal because it bring the fact that intelligence is context- and mission- oriented.  
							No creativeness.	
								
	Yes, true but this is just some property of an intelligence system; not all of it.	This is the everyday definition of intelligence. 		I agnostic to whether self-government or consciousness is really needed for intelligence.	Yes, true but this is just some property of an intelligence system; not all of it.	I prefer to use Intelligence in the sense of the set of cognitive skills demonstrated by humans.		This definition should include 'given the available resources and time'
								
Similar comments to the above. 	Extremely intelligent people may be quite poor at responding to situations. Einstein was not a particularly good driver. 	True but so general as to be meaningless. What would NOT be part of such a repertoire?	The first sentence is a philosophical mistake. 	This defines what might be called human sanity, rather than intelligence. Extreme intelligence in humans is often very weakly correlated with this kind of good self-government. 	Too limiting. 			Ditto. 
too human-esque	what about the consequences of other's actions?	"considered intellectual in nature"? circular definition	a good addenda?	governance not necessary to intelligence	succinct and relevant but incomplete	too wordy	good description of functional definition	what goals and beliefs do machines have?
				In cybernetics, all auto-poetic (self-maintaining) systems have a form of intelligence, from cells to humans. 				Beliefs are not necessarily rational or in line with available evidence.
								
	only a partial description				only a partial description		this is part of what it means to be intelligent, but it's not a definition.	intelligence cannot be reduced to efficiency, optimal behavior.
Models of intelligence separate the concerns of purpose as composed with the alternative actions. What are the outcomes and results?	Yes, partially, but terribly incomplete.	Intelligence is a separate concern, applied to knowledge.	Why we use Category Theory - to describe the objects, their structure, behavior and morphism in contextual environments.	Don't know what you'd call this, but it isn't intelligence.	Yes, partially, but how can you tell if the patterns "seen" are real? Apophenia?	The complex layers of understanding and abstractions in "comprehension".	Incomplete and inconsistent.	Justification (justified true belief) is too low a bar for "appropriate action".
								
								
								
Seems true, but focuses on a single aspect (global / parts)	Ignores resources.	Leaves out what it means to take decisions, and for a decision to be good/rational.	Stresses adaptivity too much at the cost of other aspects.	Intuitively good and useful as a rule of thumb, but lacks precision.	Good but ignores the issue of limited resources.	Intuitively good and useful as a rule of thumb, but lacks precision.	Too vague and specific, including just one particular aspect (generalization/reuse).	Good, but leaves out bounded rationality. Intelligence does not need to be optimal, and in fact rarely is.
								
								"Optimal" is a very strong word, and likely the wrong one.
								I think that intelligence doesn't only mean optimization of one's goal, but also social goals (even though you can say that in these cases one's goal = social goals). I also think, as research have shown, that acting rational with people doesn't always generate good outcomes as people are not rational, thus this effect the intelligence behavior
								Intelligence is not just rational thinking
								
								
I agree with all but rationality (often times rationality does not work or does not make sense).	I am sure that in many cases no anticipation is or should be involved.	I would agree but this definition tries, unsuccessfully, to quantify everything.		I agree. This is a cybernetic/autopoietic vision, and I know that most colleagues would disagree (or at least find it useless)	That's one dimension of intelligence.	It's vague, and that's why it's right.	Basically, this is exploration and exploitation.	Rationality does not necessarily imply optimality, and vice versa, in an uncertain world.
See above -- use of term "rationally" is too restrictive.	See above -- use of term "anticipating" is too restrictive.	See above -- use of term "problem solving skills" is too restrictive.	Are actors on a stage not exhibiting intelligence if they perform the same play night after night?  What is the changing environment?  Perhaps one can argue minor modifications occur in timing and voice of other actors, but this definition doesn't come close to the nuances of adaptation that might be occurring.	I am not going to comment further on each definition that fails to specify a context/domain or purpose for the definition.	See above -- use of term "problems" is too restrictive.	Reference to "mental" is too restrictive -- how are interactions possible in the real world without a physical embodiment?	As an engineering or cognitive science definition, this appears too informal. Does "figure things out" include asking someone for help?  Does "retaining things" include reading notes?  The definition is too broad to be helpful to most engineers and scientists. It is perhaps interesting for laypersons -- again, what is the purpose, the context in which this definition is supposed to be useful?	See above -- use of term "rationally" and "goals" is too restrictive.
								
								
Def of smart regular person not a nerd	Not all consequences can never considered		Part of a definition	Crazy people so genius things too	Part of definition			
	Sometimes all consequences are not taken into account; not a comprehensive definition	Doesn't take into account adaptability			Doesn't necessarily take into account accumulated knowledge			From a human perspective, many highly intelligent people are not very practical when it comes to everyday life. They may be highly focused in one or more areas of interest
								
								Like I've mentioned previously, it is more than this.
						weak definition		
	We don't always do this even though we are intelligent.	Clumsy		Some intelligent people are clearly not good at self-government.	In part...	Could be shorter	Vague	Not all behavior is optimal...e.g. altruism
								
	Again, this seems part of the picture, but not the whole of it.	Really?  All of the skills, including muscle memory?  Seems too broad.		Note that this is as much about emotional executive function as rational thought.	Again, this seems part of the picture, but not the whole of it.		Intelligence needs these aspects, but it is doubtful those are sufficient.	
This seems to cover the area quite well. It mixes rationality with the environment. All it needs is something real-time to add to it. 	Certainly a *part* of intelligence, but not a definition of it.	I like this, but would like it more if it were paired with actually doing something in an environment.	I think  this is true, but does not cover the whole gamut of intelligence. 	This may be a definition of an organized, possibly moral animal, rather than of an intelligent one. 	While this is part of an answer, I find it too abstract.	I'd say this lacks grounding. 	There's a real-time aspect here that's appropriate, as well as a remembering (=learning) which is also appropriate.	I think the fulfilment side is irrelevant. 
								
Global focus is a side issue	The lowest bacteria would have this surely	Just book learning or reference	Not emergent	Neither here nor there	See relationships'? Excessively vague	More accurate	Vague	Neutral
								
	Not sure all human intelligence involves anticipating possible consequences.	Very interesting because it allows for variability in intelligence over time and circumstance.		I would revise this to say that mental self-government is one function of intelligence.	Simple, but not bad!	This attempt at a definition is a minestrone soup consisting of many ingredients.  It wouldn't be bad, but the bit about intelligence being "not merely book learning, a narrow academic skill, or test-taking smarts" is a fly in the soup, because the word "merely" suggests that book-learning, etc. is essential to intelligence, implying that illiterate people are not intelligent, which of course is false.	This definition seems on the right track, but the "and" in the middle is problematic.  Does it mean that entities that don't have both abilities are not intelligent?  Is an entity intelligent if it can "figure things out on the spot" but cannot "cannot retain and repeat things that have been figured out in the past"?  Flatworms and advanced Alzheimer's patients can "retain and repeat things that have been figured out in the past" through training, but they cannot "figure things out on the spot".  Are they intelligent?	Too narrow.  For example, it is difficult to imagine how the insights that led A. Einstein to e = mc**2 would be a product of "optimal behavior in the domain of practical affairs".
								
	mostly correct, but isn't there also an intelligence of groups? 			I do not understand self-government.	too simplistic		missing: evaluation of the consequences of a particular action/decision.	Optimality cannot always be achieved, e.g. if the objectives are constantly changing...
				I don't think human thoughts and believes are necessarily coherent at all times. Logically speaking we are capable of holding contradictory thoughts and believes without realizing that this is so. If one conceives of such a state as unintelligent, then we may declare quite a few of our compatriots and maybe even ourselves as unintelligent.  				
								Optimality is desired, but may not be feasible for many complicated scenarios. 
Too convoluted but at the same time attempting to cover all the bases.	Seeing relationships and responding to situations is governed by how one reacts.	A repertoire is life's inventory	Reasoned responses are governed by our levels of intelligence	Intelligence enables us to govern our abilities 	Intelligence is much more than the ability to see!	The definition is inherently neutral	We continue to 'figure things out' as we go from generation to generation from century to century.  But never before as exponentially as in the now!	Is a terrorist exhibiting 'optimal behavior in the domain of his practical affairs?
								
								
		not just intellectual. E.g. motor control.						
Vague description, not prescription.	Necessary, but not sufficient.	This seems to be defining something else than what this survey is after. Intelligence (the individual noun) is different from intelligence (the mass noun).		Not sure this makes sense. Even unintelligent insects have these qualities.	Necessary, but not sufficient.	Description, not a prescription	Necessary, but not sufficient.	Close, but too strict. Real agents can't be optimal. Maybe asymptotically optimal, but not truly optimal in general.
what does "purposeful" mean and where does "purpose" come from?				This definition talks about how intelligence relates to the meta-level, our ability to change our own reasoning processes, and relates to the notion of person defined in Frankfurt, H. G. (1971). Freedom of the Will and the Concept of a Person.	Where do the problems come from?	The "comprehending our surroundings" is key, it relates intelligence to sentience.		That's a BDI agent.
								
								
More of the same, albeit introducing the distinction between global and aggregate.	The first definition that explicitly mentions self-awareness! Unfortunately, limits itself to it.	More of the same.	More of the same.	Basically, self-control. Important aspect, but there seems to be more.	Perception, problem solving. A bit narrow.	Verbose, but again boils down to the basics: environment, reasoning, action.	Kind of a problem-solving definition. Yes, but again there seems to be more.	This definition can easily be applied to machine intelligence, too. Goals, actions.
	too limited	Not bad (what's a "generalization tendency"? I think the author means heuristics, in which case this is even better, but this must be fleshed out further).	I like the connection to behavior (but in other definitions, "activity", which is a better choice, but probably the authors use the terms indiscriminately) and adaptation.  I don't like the restriction to "meeting the demands of a changing environment". As if all intelligence is about is responding to stimuli	"Correct" behavior is intelligence?!	too limited	Maybe the best so far, the real content is in the last two lines, but these are exactly what we need to define better.	"clearly" (!!!), "figure things out" "repeat things"... woefully insufficient	What is it with these people and "appropriate" action! But this is at least a decent definition, even if it emphasizes "optimization of goal fulfillment"
								
								
More grapeshot -  aggregation is good though.  It reminds us that intelligence isn't one thing.	No.  Quick intelligent action, in sports for example, can have little anticipation in it.	Wordy  -  useless.	Obvious, but so what?	Ungoverned thoughts  -  imagery and free imagination are vital to natural human intelligence	Thin.	Diffuse grapeshot that's bound to have some truth in it but so what?	You don't always have to figure things out.  Piaget defined intelligence as "what you do when you don't know what to do"	Too dependent on rationality
								
I agree some parts of the assessment, and I think they could serve to organize requirements and principles for the artificial analogy. I would require more arguments and discussion to understand the justification of aggregated element.	I agree with the statement, but I don't think it is a general definition of Intelligence. Again, I think it is a part rather than the whole.	I am not sure to understand the boundaries and viewpoints of this assessment. Under my current viewpoint, it does not show a general view of the problem. However, I might be wrong if I analyze it from a different perspective.	It does not seem to refer intelligence but behavior (or intelligent behavior). Under my viewpoint, this answer is away from the base of our discussion.	I really agree the assessment, and I think it could serve to organize requirements and principles for the artificial analogy.	I agree with the statement, but I don't think it is a general definition of Intelligence.	I think this is a set of functions that are resulting from the functional resources which intelligence provides. Someway, this knowledge comes from empirical knowledge on the basis of observation of the intelligent behavior. I don't think it serves as a definition. 	It seems to refer a part rather than a whole.	Even when I would need to know what the individual's goal is regarding, I would give the same argument that I have manifested in previous questions in this survey. That is, the human being is a great counterexample to deny the features of optimal or appropriate behavior. We could discuss the characteristic of appropriateness concerning a defined problem domain, but not globally. 
								
								
								
								
								
								
	This is part of what it is but not sufficient.							
								
								
								
								
								
		I would change "repertoire of acquired skills" into "potential to acquire these skills".						Optimality would require an objective function. Which is an ill-posed-task.
		Intelligence is ... intellectual in nature??	I believe that behavior is not necessarily a good indication for intelligence.		This is at least one aspect of intelligence.		I find repeatability an important aspect.	I don't believe that intelligence is optimization of fulfillment.
Seems quite complete: internal mental functions; external behavior and interaction with environment; part/whole functions, quality and quantity	Missing the "doing" something/behavioral aspect.	Vague, self-referential.		Dynamic interaction between agent and environment seems important.	Why prioritize relationships? What about "inherent" properties?	A bit long, but seems to capture the internal and external aspects.	Not just figuring out, doing too.	practicality is perhaps sufficient, but not exhaustive.
	Too narrow		Too narrow, there are many forms of intelligence that don't require adaptivity.					
								
								
	ditto.  		ditto	This is one way to define intelligence. 	one more way to define it. 	ditto	As above. 	I think a truly rational being would include other aspects of intelligence (intuition, etc.) into account in a decision.  
								
This definition is general enough and comprehends many aspects of intelligence. I'm not 100% sold on the "think rationally", though. I suspect it's again a circular definition.	"Anticipating" is indeed a very important aspect of intelligent beings (e.g. compare different animal behaviors: smarter species make plans).	Circular definition: I wouldn't use "intellectual" in a definition of intelligence. The rest is OK though.	I do not like the behaviorist drift in this definition. Behavior is very important in cognitive science, yes, but behaviorism has done more damage than good.	It sort of implies that intelligence comes in to organize thoughts, but aren't thoughts there because there is intelligence?	This definition is focused only on one aspect. Correct, I would say, but very limited.	It's funny how this definition starts very generally (and correctly) and then it takes the time to mention very specific tasks like taking tests.	This is oversimplifying things but undoubtedly captures one important aspect of intelligence.	Is there really an "optimal behavior"? If so, can it be discovered by the person?
								Intelligence needs to care for the community or population as a whole.
								
Yours is too narrow.	Yours is too narrow.	Yours is too narrow.	Yours is too narrow.	Yours is too narrow.  	Yours is too narrow.	Yours is too narrow.	Yours is too narrow.	Yours is too narrow.
								
								
								
				Arguably, humans are often not considering the needs of their environment.				
Same as above: this is potential for intelligent action, behavior,  but intelligent action may not follow because of circumstances, lack of time for thinking or emotional problems. 	Anticipation is not easy because knowledge of the situation is limited. 	This is just a potential to be intelligent, not intelligence in action. In some circumstances not so intelligent action may follow. 	Again behavior is not all, years of thinking on general relativity had little to do with behavior. 	True, but is it the essence? 	It is not always just relationships. 	This is rather obvious and quite broad.	Very fuzzy ... 	Why only practical affairs? Mathematics is not always practical. 
								
								
	Anticipation is related to generation of value	Too human	Adaptation is meta-intelligence (i.e. intelligence applied to intelligence).	Intelligent agents can be disorganized.	Not only relations but other informational aspects of the problem at hand.	Too complex.	Too human-centric.	
			this is not sufficiently goal driven					
								
								
	Shouldn't it also contain a requirement to weight the different possible consequences such that the best solution is found (best might again respect certain limitations)	"Intelligence is what solves intellectual problems"... That is not really a definition.	Adaptability is certainly an important dimension of intelligence, however, even a static world can be complex and demanding. So, this definition is not helpful in static worlds although intelligence can be observed there as well. 	Lacking an evaluation criterion. Just "responsiveness" does not describe the quality of a solution.	Ha. A surprise! Nice and concise. Might actually be a really good one. 	Description rather than definition	Other definitions were more precise than this one.	According to this, humans are not intelligent as we almost never show really optimal behavior because we lack full information and infinite computing power and infinite time to actually compute the optimal behavior. It is clear what the definition tries to do, so maybe with some modifiers the definition might be fine. (e.g.: ... optimal with respect to the natural limitations ... )
define "qualitatively", "purposefully" and "effectively". Again: cybernetics is your friend.	This is  more or less the cybernetic point of view, which I subscribe to. I don't agree with the "individual" part though: populations van act intelligent as a whole as well. All intelligence probably is distributed actually (e.g. over a population of neurons). The real question in fact is: what is an "individual"? Can that be defined in a scale-independent way?	skills? knowledge? tendencies? Please be more precise. Cybernetics has a long tradition in trying to formalize these notions.	(individual) reactive agents can also be intelligent, hence "adaptive" is too strong here. Unless one looks at the population level again of course.	too many ill-defined terms (essence, govern, organized, coherent)	relationships are second order. So this definition excludes first order (reactive) intelligence	mental?	again: too broad. almost anything fits this definition	
Who could disagree with this as a psychological remark, but does it do any useful work for a scientific understanding and engineering of cognitive systems or AIs?	I would like to support this but again it’s too narrow, certainly as a psychological definition of intelligence. Capabilities like interpreting data, planning and design need much more than the ability to anticipate for example.	Taking "individual" to include "agent" it’s got some merit but why is intelligence limited to intellectual intelligence (whatever that is). 	True but too narrow.	This is more like psychology than AI (I don’t mind that, a lot of what I do is psychology) but as commented earlier I don’t think examples of natural intelligence are necessarily the foundation or gold standard for any or all artificial intelligences.	Too narrow	It’s got some problems of precision but it’s got the breadth of scope and ambition that AGI research needs.	Vague, romantic and unscientific.	Not objectionable but not helpful as it doesn’t really nail anything down.
								
				The definition is reductive			The definition relates more to quickness of action. It should be combined with the ability to collect pertinent  information and to abstract it in order to understand the world	
					too narrow			
				Agree, therefore I differentiate natural intelligence and artificial intelligence.	This a part of		It is more	
	True but incomplete	"that [is] available at any one period of time" Why this odd addition? 	True but incomplete	There is an implication that intelligent behavior is in every case consciously determined, which is not necessarily true.	True but incomplete			
								
								
The "intelligence capacity" highly varies based on context, task, scales...	Same answer as two questions above		Depends on the scale (qualitative and in time) of change.		Although I roughly agree it covers most case from a regularity extraction / prediction coding perspective, it may seem quite restrictive considering other approaches.			
	Intelligence is not always consequential. 			Yes, though many needs are emergent.	Yes, though not every situation is a problem to be solved.	Here is where making the best of the available means of persuasions intersects with rhetoric and learning. 	Yes, though intelligence efficiency means often generalizing to the point of absurdity.	I have a hard time thinking of human intelligence as being goal-driven, unless those goals are necessarily short-term in nature.
								
								
	Intelligence can arise from a community of individuals as well.		Here the problem of defining intelligence is shifted to defining behavior.			This definition seems a cooking recipe.	Too naïve	Intelligence does not need to be optimal, sometimes cost functions are not required.
								
								
								
						Intelligence should be able to deal with data, information, knowledge and wisdom		
	Too narrow							Again too narrow, excluding too many intellectual activities, games etc.
interesting	good, I would add and these consequences create value for the individual and/or the community	well, this depends on intellectual... Do we have that definition?	some intelligent specimens create the demands themselves...	Well, the needs of the environment don't sound good to me...	I think this is very restrictive...	so if you learn slowly you are not intelligent?	"figure things out on the spot", ambiguous...	Interesting
								
								
This is better than the one before, but again seems to pick out only some contexts in which intelligence is engaged.	This may apply to some uses of intelligence, but doesn't apply to most.	This seems to be a broad general definition, which could be made more precise.	Is it a property of behavior? Or of cognition? Or is cognition behavior? This seems to rely too much on some assumptions which are philosophically problematic.	This seems to rest on a rather problematic idea of the self and the nature of practical reason.	This captures the way in which intelligence involves the exercise of judgment.	This has a lot of truth in it, but the contrast case ("book learning" etc.) is not well defined.	This connects intelligence with both learning and judgment.	Again, this has merit in terms of practical decision-making, but may not fit cases like mathematical problem solving.
								
								
						A bit too verbose and example-based.		
								We need o be careful with using definitions based on Homo Economicus as it has been clearly show in the past decades that humans do not always act rationally, yet still they have human intelligence.
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
								
		The definition is too much on the static set of things.			too narrow (too focused on relations)	it includes most of the things. But it would be good to be more concise.	This is the main part, but should also include invention.	optimality judged by whom?
								
					Yes, but relationships should not necessarily be expressed in a logical language.			To behave rationally is very subjective, and depends on a person's own situation.
								
								
							good but a bit informal	setting goals is part of human intelligence (and potentially less so for AI?)
this definition is  specific, meaningful and targeted to human intelligence 	rather restrictive	this definition is  specific, meaningful and targeted to human intelligence 	good but incomplete	this definition is  specific, meaningful and targeted to human intelligence 	good  and broad 	rather detailed but meaningful	the speed element 'figure things out on the spot' is rather restrictive	this definition is  specific, meaningful and targeted to human intelligence 
								
As stated before, intelligence and rational behavior don't necessarily go hand in hand. Whether intelligence is tied to effective behavior is another questionable connection. I do think intelligence is a aggregate measure of many things.	This definition does not include a feedback loop - you anticipate but don't adjust based on the possible consequences.	I like two things about this definition: 1) it recognizes that intelligence is a combination of many things, and 2) that it is a point in time measure.	I don't like the "quality of behavior" - I'm not even sure what that means. I do like the inclusion of "adaptive."	This definition conflates behavior control with measures of capacity. 	This assumes that intelligence does not include stored or acquired knowledge.	Seems like a word way to try to include lots of things in the definition, and in so doing leaves out many things ("among other things"). What are the "other things"?	The time element is irrelevant. Repeating things already "figured out" is memory and the definition does not imply using things figured out in new situations.	Rational is not relevant. I'm not sure what the rest means or how to measure it.
Necessary but not sufficient.	Necessary but not sufficient.		Necessary but not sufficient.  What kind of quality of behavior?	This is a definition of executive function, which is only one component of intelligence.	Vague.  What are "relationships"?  Between what and what?	Good that it goes beyond "book learning", but it's not very useful to include vague terms ("figuring out") when trying to define something else.	Imprecise.	As above, rationality isn't the whole picture.
						Lots of words but ends up vague		
								
								
								
								
								
				I feel like self-reflection is an important distinguishing factor				
	Too limited.		It’s not a quality of behavior.		Its only part of intelligence.		It’s more than that.	"optimal" makes no sense.
Intelligence not required to act purposefully 	Complexity not referenced 	Recursive definition 	Behavior not required 	Complexity not referenced 	Complexity not referenced 	Attributes listed neither necessary or sufficient 	Complexity not referenced	Practical affairs irrelevant 
This isn't a useful definition, more like a philosophical assignment of traits that make up intelligence. It basically says "you need to look at all parts of a subject to find out if it's intelligent" and "intelligence is made up of many related sub-capabilities." What are they? Not addressed.	This is definitely a component of intelligence, but again predicting the results of an action is not all intelligence is. One can, for instance, analyze, group, simplify, and comprehend a vast, complex dataset with a beautiful presentation on the underlying forces and meanings, yet there are no predictions or actions to measure.	This is the definition of the output of intelligence applied to input over time. However, intelligence is somewhat a meta-concept to this definition. What about creating new entries in the repertoire? That's not covered and is one of the key elements of intelligence: transcendental growth in the complexity of understood models based on past, simpler representations.	This is a definition a roboticist would use. A system that simply analyzes incoming data in a brilliant useful way is definitely intelligent, yet it takes no actions and possesses no behavior.	A very strange definition, sounds more like a biological metaphor to the definition of life. I think one could be highly intelligent yet unable to self-govern. Reference irrational and "insane" members of our species that are also extremely (and dangerously) intelligent and self-harming.	A good definition, but very general. Shifts the definition problem to the word "see" and "solve"	An excellent definition of intelligence that gives examples of intelligent capabilities without attempting to be exhaustive. This is necessary, as we're still figuring out precisely what intelligence is.	Amusing use of the word "clearly." Shifts the definition problem from intelligence to "figure things out"	I think this definition is engaged more in the battle against irrational beliefs than it is a helpful definition of intelligence. 
interesting view on global: but see recent work on octopus limb control	by anticipating tell us how this is done. not convinced: does not explain learning (let alone forgetting)	not convinced about terminology learning sets and tendency: what is this ? why do we need to use this to define intelligence?	good on adaption and learning (including learning from others?)	not sure there is a central control: though older thinkers asserted this	too vague and focus on how	as above	ok for a general lay text but not clear when you start to dig down. what's a "thing" here?	again the belief as an internal construct seem to focus too much of how this is done. With this we would not hold incompatible beliefs, which we do!
							Yes. But, how to address new (possibly better) ways to figure out new things.	
								
Defining intelligence in terms of behavior just begs the question. 	Just on small aspect of "intelligence"	This definition applies to humans - but doesn't help with machine intelligence. 	A psychologist's viewpoint	Who are 'ourselves' when applied to machines? 	vague	Again - useful for educational purposes, but not for machines. 	I like the immediacy, non-technical, and inclusiveness of this definition. 	Defines intelligence as rationality. 
				Too human-targeted to me. Fungi don't have a mind nor even a nervous system, and won't care about govern thought as they don't seem to have thoughts at all.				
					I feel there is something odd about the huge generality of this statement. 			
	Anticipation alone is not enough							
								
	Again, consequences could be immediate or lifetime 		At human level intelligence there is a lot of pure intellectual exercises which are key to important cognitive achievements		Not all relationships are perceived, some are just hypothesized 	We don’t need to list all the properties of intelligence as if they were independent and had to be achieved separately. Most of these have a common causal algorithmic root	A bit vanilla statement 	
Vague	Includes very simple pattern matching.	Vague	It includes adaption of a finite agent to a potentially infinitely changing environment. Drawback: evolutionary biology also qualifies.	Many vertebrates would qualify if you leave out 'thoughts', whatever they are.	This is what a C compiler or machine algebra does very, very well indeed.	Vague.	Vague.	Good definition of rationality, but the inclusion of the enormous scope of 'practical affairs' and the pre-supposing of individual having a singular goal are both gigantically problematic.
Once again definitions of intelligence which encompass a broad spectrum of capabilities makes more sense to me. 	Too Narrow. 			Mental self-government is dependent on something isn't it?	The ability to see (recognize) relationships is predicated more on knowledge base about the individual parts and less on intelligence per say. How does knowledge fit into the definition of intelligence? 	I like this because it encompasses a broad view of intelligence. 		
								
	Same as my answers above.		But not just 'behavior', but smart responses to challenging question is intelligent too.	An important part of human intelligence.	Yes, that's part of intelligence,  but not whole of it, and not necessary.  I agree in the sense that intelligence includes this phenomenon.	I like it that it lists a number of things (e.g. different types of learning).	Part,  but not necessary or complete.   I agree in the sense that intelligence can involve this phenomenon.	Optimization and optimal are detractors...
								
			Adaptability includes reference to past events					
							Involves too much memory	
								
								
Some intelligent things may not be purposeful, rational, or deal effectively with their environment	Predictive capabilities may not be a requirement for intelligence		too narrow	Intelligence could be very messy	too narrow	Feels like this is on the right track	clearly, not clearly	intelligence is not always optimal
								
	The ability to predict the outcomes of ones actions is certainly essential, but this definition feels too narrow.		I like focus on adaptation and dealing with an ever changing world.					I  don't like the emphasis on rationality.
								
								
								
	More important is to, take the decision which is sustainable for mankind.	Ability to experience is also a kind of intelligence. Not all experience things equally.		Intelligence is also, taking initiative to evolve from the current situation/condition.			Yet, the morality/sustainability of human evolution should be considered in order to call an act, intelligent.	
								
The individual's behavior results from more than just intelligence.  Intuition and values form a part.  			Intelligence does not have to be accompanied by behavior.			Does not include "valuing".		
Good but the usual quibbles, "rationally", "effectively", teleology.	The Dennett/Gregorian reply.  Yes, but a little anthropomorphic.	Sure, this might win in the psychology department.  Though it's not exactly a specification you can hand to your Python team.	Yes, well, the problem is that there are many different connotations of "intelligence" in both academic and common usage, so these are going to be very hard to answer.  Can't you be intelligent in a static environment?  Can't you be intelligent even if you fail in a dynamic environment?	A little too academic.  We can be very sloppy and lazy and unsuccessful, yet more intelligent than a stone.	Yes but vague definitions on all the terms.	Yes, and no.  I'm not sure a catalog of features gets us closer to a useful definition, which we hope is more concise.	Good, but "clearly" is off-putting, LOL.  The "retain and repeat" is a whole separate topic, and an important one.	Yes, but a little too Russellian for me.
I don't like references to "rationality" - it is too a vague and not useful a term for this purpose. 	Anticipation is important, but so are many other cognitive skills not mentioned, e.g. reasoning. And more important than anticipation is the ability to recognize general features of situations and recall useful adaptations/responses to those situations, in light of active goals. 	Jumbled and convoluted. Very close to not meeting the minimum requirements for a definition. 	This is only a partial definition. 	Only partial. Not sufficiently grounded in basic properties of thought, adaptation, perception, memory and action. 	This is only a partial definition. 	It's a copout - listing a bunch of cognitive capacities instead of finding their commonality. 	Still only a partial definition, but leaves less out than many other partial ones.  	Not bad, but too messy. 
